VETERANS saluted Worcester's first ever breakfast club for ex-soldiers which won over hearts, minds and bellies. 
 
The Worcester Breakfast Club for HM Forces Veterans met at the Postal Order in Foregate Street at 10am on Saturday. 
 
The club is designed to allow veterans a place to meet, socialise, eat and drink, giving hunger and loneliness their marching orders. 
 
Father-of-two Dave Carney, aged 43, of Merrimans Hill, Worcester, set up the club after being inspired by other similar clubs across the country. 
 
He said: "As you can see from the picture, we had a good response. Five out of the 10 that attended said they saw the article in the newspaper and turned up. 
 
"We even had an old chap travel from Droitwich and he was late on parade by three hours. 
 
"It's generated a lot of interest and I estimate (from other veterans who saw the article) that next month's meeting will attract about 20 people. Onwards and upwards." 
 
He said the management at the pub had been extremely hospitable to them. 
 
Mr Carney said: "They bent over backwards for us. They really looked after us well. That is the best choice of venue I could have made. They even put 'reserved for the armed forces'. 
   Promoted stories   
The reserve veteran with the Royal Engineers wanted to go to a breakfast club but found the nearest ones were in Bromsgrove and Gloucester so he decided to set up his own, closer to home. 
 
He was influenced by Derek Hardman who set up a breakfast club for veterans in Hull and Andy Wilson who set one up in Newcastle. He said the idea has snowballed and there were now 70 similar clubs across the country and even some in Germany. 
 
Mr Carney said with many Royal British Legion clubs closing he wanted veterans and serving personnel to feel they had somewhere they could go for good grub, beer and banter to recapture the comradery of being in the forces. 
 
The Postal Order was chosen because of its central location and its proximity to the railway station and hotels and reasonably priced food and drink. 
 
The management of the pub have even given the veterans a designated area within the pub. 
   
 Share article  
   
The next meeting is at the Postal Order on Saturday, October 3 at 10am. 
 
The breakfast club meets on the first Saturday of each month for those who want to attend in future.

New Product Gives Marketers Access to Real Keywords, Conversions and Results Along With 13 Months of Historical Data 

SAN FRANCISCO, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 09/17/15 -- Jumpshot, a marketing analytics company that uses distinctive data sources to paint a complete picture of the online customer journey, today announced the launch of Jumpshot Elite, giving marketers insight into what their customers are doing the 99% of the time they're not on your site. For years, marketers have been unable to see what organic and paid search terms users were entering, much less tie those searches to purchases. Jumpshot not only injects that user search visibility back into the market, but also makes it possible to tie those keywords to conversions -- for any web site. 

"Ever since search engines encrypted search results, marketers have been in the dark about keywords, impacting not only the insight into their own search investments, but also their ability to unearth high converting keywords for their competitors," said Deren Baker, CEO of Jumpshot. "Our platform eliminates the hacks, assumptions, and guesswork that marketers are doing now and provides real data: actual searches tied to actual conversions conducted by real people with nothing inferred." 

Unlike other keyword research tools that receive data through the Adwords API or send bots to cobble together various data inputs and implied metrics, Jumpshot leverages its panel of over 115 million global consumers to analyze real search activity. As a result, Jumpshot is able to provide companies with actionable data to improve the ROI of their search marketing campaigns, SEO tactics and content marketing initiatives. 

Available today, Jumpshot Elite provides 13 months of backward-looking data as well as: 

Access to real queries used by searchers 

Paid and organic results for any website 

Visibility into organic keywords, eliminating the "not provided" outcome in web analytics 

Real user queries, clicks and transactions instead of machine-generated clicks with inferred results 

Ability to tie keywords to real transactions on any website 

Variable attribution models and lookback windows 

Launched in January, 2015, Jumpshot grew out of the ambitions of a group of smart marketers and data scientists who were frustrated about the limitations of the data they had access to, and excited about the opportunity to provide new insights into online behavior. 

The company uses distinctive data sources to paint a complete picture of the online world for businesses, from where customers spend time online to what they do there and how they get from place to place. By tracking the online customer journey down to each click, Jumpshot reveals how and why customers arrive at purchase decisions. The company tracks more data in more detail than other services, tracking 160 billion monthly clicks generated by its extensive data panel. 

About Jumpshot 

Jumpshot is a marketing analytics platform that reveals the entire customer journey -- from the key sources of traffic to a site, to browsing and buying behavior on any domain. With a panel of 115 million users, Jumpshot provides marketers with the insight to understand what their customers are doing the 99% of the time they're not on their own site -- a scope of information never before attainable. Jumpshot was founded in 2015 and is headquartered in San Francisco. 

For more information, please visit www.jumpshot.com. 

Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=2889222 

Kelly Mayes 

The Bulleit Group 

615-200-8845 

Published Sep. 17, 2015 

Copyright © 2015 SYS-CON Media, Inc. — All Rights Reserved. 

Syndicated stories and blog feeds, all rights reserved by the author.

Home »Style » The Return Of The Nike Air Max Sensation Has 80’s Babies Hyped!	Posted on Sep 22, 2015If you were a basketball fan who was born in the 80s, you were lucky enough to witness the beauty that is 90s basketball. It was truly a great time to be basketball fan. If you played close attention to what the players were wearing on their feet you would have also noticed the wide array of footwear these player used to rock. One of those happens to the the Nike Air Max Sensation, which is also set to receive the retro treatment this year! Originally released back in …read more Author: KicksOnFire	Share This Post OnGoogleFacebookTwitter

NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Grub Street Bedford & Bowery FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter UserName LOG IN REGISTER Fashions Runway Street Style Designers Fame Beauty Goods Love & War search Sections Fashions Fame Beauty Goods Love & War Plus Runway Street Style Designers Sites NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture Science of Us Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like UsFollow Us Popular on The Cut Ask Polly: Should I Just Give Up on My Writing? » Top Shows Oscar de la Renta See it » Michael Kors See it » Suno See it » Coach See it » Narciso Rodriguez See it » Tory Burch See it » Carolina Herrera See it » Rodarte See it » Diesel Black Gold See it » Jeremy Scott See it » Thom Browne See it » rag & bone See it » Tommy Hilfiger See it » Prabal Gurung See it » Diane Von Furstenberg See it » keeping us honest September 16, 2015 7:12 p.m. This New Dating App Will Ruin Your Internet Game By Allison P. Davis Follow @allisonpdavis No photos over six hours old allowed. 37 Shares Share 29 Tweet 8 Share 0 Pin It 0 Share Email Print Share Photo: Uwe Umstaetter/Westend61/Corbis The best photo of me was taken about a few years ago: I will never again look so young, so free, or so skinny as I was in that shot. Do I still use that fairly blatant misrepresentation of my current self on my OKCupid profile? You bet I do.  Unfortunately, a Swedish dating site called 7Heaven wants to ruin my internet game by only hosting photos of members that were taken in the last six hours. It can check timestamps. Don't even try to trick it; it's smarter than us.   Users can upload new ones as they want to, but only if they were recently snapped. It doesn’t matter who you are now — bald, chubby, with bad bangs, a bad haircut, or a new tattoo — 7Heaven only wants that authentic, current self presented to potential suitors. That seems like so much work! Trying to get yourself dating-site-selfie-ready every six hours?
At first I thought, Chill out! How much does a person actually change in six hours? But then I remembered the disparity between how I look at work and how I look when I come home at night, take off my pants, remove my makeup, and fall asleep on the couch for a few hours before I start Tindering. Maybe six hours is too long a time period. Springwise Tags:dating appsimproved dating appskeeping us honestdatinglove and warMore Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Top Stories Sophie Theallet’s Elevated Triumph; Narciso Rodriguez’s Decisiveness Vote for the Top Street-Style Star, Day 6 A Hyperreal Peek Into the Fashion Week Funhouse Most Viewed Stories Ask Polly: Should I Just Give Up on My Writing? 2k Shares Share Tweet Khaleesi Is the Queen of Going-Out Tops 3.3k Shares Share Tweet Kanye Relegates Kendall to Second Row at Yeezy Show [Updated] 14 Shares Share Tweet Beware the Manic Pixie Dream Boyfriend 4.1k Shares Share Tweet The Bisexual Grad Student Laughing at Fifty Shades of Grey 272 Shares Share Tweet 5 Things You Should Buy at Sephora This Month 140 Shares Share Tweet The Best Street Style From New York Fashion Week 1.2k Shares Share Tweet Frolicking on the Edges of Fashion’s Absurd Pool 191 Shares Share Tweet Fashion Taps Into the Spiritual Side of Things 170 Shares Share Tweet Airline Grounds 130 Crew Members Over Their BMIs 181 Shares Share Tweet From Our Partners POPSUGAR Fashion The 8 Style Habits of Insanely Gorgeous Supermodels HuffPost Parents Sean Penn Is Adopting Charlize Theron's Son HuffPost Women 15 Signs You're With A Good Man POPSUGAR Beauty The Eye Makeup Tip That Will Put Plastic Surgeons Out of Business powered by PubExchange The Cut’s Latest Love and War Features 7:12 p.m.This New Dating App Will Ruin Your Internet Game
No photos over six hours old allowed. 3:50 p.m.Please, Stop With the Muppet Sex.
Is Animal an animal in the sack? I don’t want to know. 2:59 p.m.New York Magazine’s ‘Sex Lives’ Podcast: A Cultural History of the Bionic Dong
Listen to this week's "Sex Lives" podcast. 2:25 p.m.Kate McKinnon Is Repping for Crazy Cat Ladies
There's nothing to be ashamed of. 1:40 p.m.Men Want Their Parental Leave, Too, Damn It
More and more of them are suing to get it — and winning. 1:30 p.m.Kanye Relegates Kendall to Second Row at Yeezy Show [Updated]
What blasphemy is this? 10:02 a.m.Does This Standing Desk Make My Butt Look Big?
And other things to worry about now that sitting is the new smoking. 7:59 a.m.Ask Polly: Should I Just Give Up on My Writing?
Writing can't be a popularity contest, and popularity doesn't add up to much anyway. Yesterday at 4:50 p.m.Airline Grounds 130 Crew Members Over Their BMIs
But the BMI policy doesn't actually make sense. Yesterday at 3:45 p.m.Kate Spade Wins Gloria Steinem in Female-Icon Arms Race
Joan Didion was booked.
Yesterday at 1:20 p.m.Is There a Phallus in This Taylor Swift Corn Maze? Do you see what I see? Yesterday at 10:33 a.m.A Salute to the Women of American Ninja Warrior
And the show that's become an unlikely athletic equalizer. Yesterday at 9:36 a.m.Johnny Depp Meets His Future Past
A tiny little Depp. Yesterday at 9:24 a.m.Ellen Page and Girlfriend Are in Tuxes, in Love
A stylish debut for a new couple. Yesterday at 8:12 a.m.The Bisexual Grad Student Laughing at Fifty Shades of Grey
This week’s sex diary. 9/14/2015 at 5:40 p.m.Watching Kim Kardashian Watch Herself in Her Phone Camera
Me, a dog wearing a baseball hat, and all the Kardashians walk into an Apple Store. 9/14/2015 at 4:30 p.m.Why Women Love to Read About Crime Reading about it, that is. 9/14/2015 at 1:20 p.m.Serena Williams Was Born to Be Historic and Badass
"And if anyone doesn’t like it, then they don’t have to." 9/14/2015 at 11:21 a.m.Kim Cattrall Is Redefining Motherhood
Don't call her childless, child. 9/14/2015 at 10:16 a.m.Helen Mirren Wants Your Shoulders to Be Free
The Dame makes a point about PDA of the patriarchy. Load More MORE FROM The Cut Normcore: Fashion for Those Who Realize They’re One in 7 Billion MORE FROM The Cut Portrait: Catherine Deneuve, an Icon at 70 MORE FROM The Cut I Was a Hollywood Personal Assistant MORE FROM The Cut Meet the 4 Most Desired People in New York (According to OKCupid) MORE FROM The Cut Seriously, Stop Pretending You Ate That MORE FROM The Cut Why Red-Carpet Makeup Looks Bad in Real Life MORE FROM The Cut These Eerie Fetish Photos Were Kept Under Wraps for Years MORE FROM The Cut RIP, Juicy Tracksuits, Famewhore Uniform of the 2000s MORE FROM The Cut Beware the Manic Pixie Dream Boyfriend MORE FROM The Cut Kim Cattrall Is Redefining Motherhood MORE FROM The Cut Vanessa Williams Finally Got Her Miss America Apology MORE FROM The Cut The Bisexual Grad Student Laughing at Fifty Shades of Grey MORE FROM The Cut The Best Street Style From New York Fashion Week MORE FROM The Cut Watching Kim Kardashian Watch Herself in Her Phone Camera MORE FROM The Cut Ask Polly: Should I Just Give Up on My Writing? MORE FROM The Cut When Kylie Jenner Offers to Take a Selfie, the Answer Is Yes MORE FROM The Cut At This Show, the Models’ Falls Were Tightly Choreographed MORE FROM The Cut The Best Party Photos of New York Fashion Week MORE FROM The Cut Hood by Air’s World Is a Shock From the Future MORE FROM The Cut Why Women Love to Read About Crime MORE FROM The Cut Astrology GIFs for the Week of September 14 MORE FROM The Cut Everything You Need to Know About Fashion Week So Far MORE FROM The Cut Frolicking on the Edges of Fashion’s Absurd Pool MORE FROM The Cut Airline Grounds 130 Crew Members Over Their BMIs MORE FROM The Cut Take the Cut’s Fashion Week Style-Personality Quiz MORE FROM The Cut Kanye Relegates Kendall to Second Row at Yeezy Show [Updated] MORE FROM The Cut Surprise: It’s Yeezy Season Again MORE FROM The Cut Helen Mirren Wants Your Shoulders to Be Free MORE FROM The Cut Was Hood by Air Making Fun of Contouring? MORE FROM The Cut Brandon Maxwell’s Debut Show Made Lady Gaga Cry MORE FROM The Cut Drake Continues to Be Serena’s Biggest Fanboy MORE FROM The Cut Ellen Page and Girlfriend Are in Tuxes, in Love MORE FROM The Cut Is There a Phallus in This Taylor Swift Corn Maze? MORE FROM The Cut A Salute to the Women of American Ninja Warrior MORE FROM The Cut 5 Things You Should Buy at Sephora This Month MORE FROM The Cut Is This Weird, No-Foam Cleanser Secretly the Best Face Wash? MORE FROM The Cut Serena Williams Was Born to Be Historic and Badass MORE FROM The Cut Harvard Women Finally Receive Invitation to Boring Rich-Dude Club MORE FROM The Cut Vote for the Top Street-Style Star From Day 4 MORE FROM The Cut Fashion Taps Into the Spiritual Side of Things MORE FROM The Cut Does This Standing Desk Make My Butt Look Big? MORE FROM The Cut Outfit of the Week: A Cool, Office-Friendly Look MORE FROM The Cut The Start-up Helping You Cash In on Designer Bags MORE FROM The Cut The Cult of Mansur Gavriel Now Has Shoes MORE FROM The Cut Samantha Bee Tramples Late Night’s Man-Party MORE FROM The Cut Jeremy Scott Just Wants You to Like Him MORE FROM The Cut A New M.A.C Lipstick From Fashion’s Crazy Uncle MORE FROM The Cut 6 New, Easy Backstage Beauty Lessons From Fashion Week Home Fashions Fashion Shows Street Style Designers Beauty Fame & Look Books Goods Love & War Newsletters Facebook Pinterest Twitter iPad App Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Site Map Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We're Hiring! © 2015, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks Designers Finally Okay With Letting You Do You Theallet’s Triumph; Rodriguez’s Decisiveness Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE

KUALA LUMPUR, Sept 15 (MySinchew) -- The Kuala Lumpur City Hall today issued an ultimatum to Bersih 2.0 to pay the clean-up bill by this month or face legal action.

Deputy federal territories minister Datuk Loga Bala Mohan Jaganathan said the bill amounting to RM61,840 includes the monitoring cost and cleaning of banners and graffiti as well as repair of damaged infrastructure.

He said DBKL would bring this matter to the court if Bersih 2.0 failed to pay up.

Mumbai, Sep 11 : Following were the indicative currency notes  and travellers’ cheques buying and selling rates per unit  today.  CURRENCY NAME BUY SALE UAE DIRHAM 16.7276 19.1652 AUSTRALIAN DOLLAR 43.7311 49.3792  BANGLADESH TAKA 0.782276 0.921413  BAHRAIN DINAR 163.3139 186.6076 CANADIAN DOLLAR 46.2854 53.1733  SWISS FRANC 63.3832 72.8305 CHINESE YUAN 7.36 11.96 DANISH KRONE 9.1253 10.6636     EURO 69.8139 79.004  STERLING POUND 95.581 108.1744 HONG KONG DOLLAR 7.7277 9.2278  JAPANESE YEN 0.5098 0.5795 KUWAITI DINAR 181.7544 225.9568   SRI LANKA RUPEE 0.4387 0.5162 MALAYSIAN RINGITT 13.6713 16.8179 NORWEGIAN KRONE 7.3399 8.6565 NEPALESE RUPEE 0.5749 0.6251 NEW ZEALAND DOLLAR 38.0173 44.6709 OMANI RIAL 160.016414 182.547573 PAKISTAN RUPEE 0.5835 0.6864 QATARI RIAL 16.8627 19.3201 SAUDI RIAL 16.3564 18.9515 SWEDISH KRONA 7.1261 8.4018 SINGAPORE DOLLAR 42.9001 50.6758 THAI BAHT 1.6894 2.0027 US DOLLAR 61.8807 70.0204 SOUTH AFRICAN RAND 4.2193 5.1954

Words kill or give life; they are usually either poison or good fruit. The words we speak are electromagnetic forces that usually reflect our inner attitude.  
 
They contain the power of death and life and ultimately influence the world around us. Augustus Woodbury once said, “Scientific men tell us that every sound upon the surface of our own and other planets circulates in endless and ceaseless waves through infinite space. Certainly not less subtle is the influence of our words upon the life and character of the world.” We must always think about the influence of our words before we say them out; “what is my objective in saying this.” “Are these words going to produce life or death.” Proverbs 18:21 declares, “Death and life are in the power of the tongue and those who love it will eat its fruit.” 
 

As a matter of fact, words are our input in someone else’s life. We must make sure our input gives life and not death. We are actually responsible for the impact we have on others and our communities in general. 
 
As responsible citizens, we must intensify our awareness of the input we have on other people’s lives. Actually, one person can change the course of another person’s life with the power of words. Individual dreams and visions have been aborted because of words of death spoken over them. Homes and marriages have been destroyed because of poisonous words. Companies and businesses have fallen because of words of envy and jealousy. People have lost their jobs because of lying words said about them. We should always be conscious of the life-changing power of our words. 
 

Proverbs 19:1 says, “Better is a poor person who walks in his integrity than one who is crooked in speech and is a fool.” We must use wisdom when we speak, by checking our motives, attitudes and choice of words. We must divorce negative patterns of thinking and bring life to others with our words. Words are influencers. One of the best ways we can use words to influence others, is to practice telling the truth. 
 
We are living in the world where too often people try to influence others with manipulation, false flattery and deception and spin doctoring. The truth creates trust, which in turn generates influence. The other way we can put our words to good use, is to choose to use words that build in our speech, rather than words that tear down people and society. 
 

We should use our words to build other people up, to inspire, encourage and empower, to affirm and bless. Positive words yield positive influence. It is wisdom to refuse to speak words that belittle and demoralise other people around us. When we make a choice of speaking well of others, in-spite of their short comings, then we will have a healthy and far reaching positive influence with our words. 
 
If we spread malicious gossip, we are poisoning our own future and sabotaging our own influence with others. King Solomon of ancient Israel said, “When a leader listens to malicious gossip, all the workers get infested with evil” (Proverbs 29:12, the message Bible). We must use the influence of our words to bring peace in conflicting situations. 
 

Due to the fact that many people have no understanding of the power of their words, they have caused themselves and others unnecessary pain and hardships. Each and every day our actions and our words impact those around us. 
 
The question is, how are we influencing others with our words and actions? One of the best ways we can influence each other is by inspiring, motivating and encouraging each other by what we say. The story is told about how Sugar Ray Robinson changed the course of one girl’s life, Flo-Jo. 
 
When narrating her life story Flo-Jo said, “Sugar Ray looked at me in the eye and told me, it doesn’t matter where you come from, what the colour of your skin is, or what odds are against you. All that matters is that you have a dream and you commit yourself to that dream. Do that and it will happen.” She continued and said, “Right then and there, I was sold out. I was just eight years old but I was fired up about what my future could be.” 
 

With words, Sugar Ray Robinson, one of the outstanding boxing champs inspired a great change in one girls’ life. Words are powerful, they can inspire those around us to greatness. They can bring hope to the hopeless, courage to the discouraged, comfort and healing to the oppressed. We must speak life to our husbands, wives, children, fathers, mothers, our communities and nation. 
 
Paul’s wise advice to the Ephesians is appropriate at this juncture, “Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace to the hearers.” (Ephesians 4:29). By our words we can build the nation and by our words we can destroy the nation.

Just in time for the holiday shopping seasons, Apple has announced a series of hardware upgrades for the iPhone, iPad and Apple TV. iPhone's price sees steep increaseAll the Apple announcements Just in time for the holiday shopping season, Apple has announced a series of hardware upgrades for the iPhone, iPad and Apple TV. With the iPhone, the company added a feature called 3D Touch, which lets users control some of the software by exerting pressure on the touch screen. The Apple TV got its first big upgrade in more than three years with a more powerful chip and a redesigned remote control. Apple's family of iPads also gained a bigger sibling with the iPad Pro, a tablet with a 12.9-inch screen — much larger than the older 9.7-inch iPad.

At the event, I tried out the new products in a demonstration booth. Here are some first impressions: iPhone

The 3D Touch capability is the iPhone's signature new feature. Pressing down on the screen starts different actions, depending on how much force is exerted.

A light press on an email, for example, shows a preview of the message, and a hard press then opens the email. You can also press down hard on an app icon to open shortcuts to different actions — for example, pushing down on the Instagram app shows a list of next steps, including the ability to create a new post. When you press down hard, the device responds with a tapping sensation.

I found the new iPhones pretty straightforward to use. The 3D Touch feature is easy to get used to, and I quickly figured out how to create a new calendar appointment by pressing down hard on the calendar app icon.

The new smartphones are also slightly thicker and heavier than their predecessors, though I confess I noticed that only after reading the specifications on Apple's website and not when holding the devices. iPad

The iPad Pro's jumbo screen obviously gives more room for content to breathe, but interacting with it still feels the same as with older iPad tablets.

The iPad Pro is capable of running two full-size iPad apps on the screen at the same time. The previous iPad Air 2 could run two apps at the same time, but with a primary app taking up a larger portion of the screen.

The large device will be familiar to most because apart from its size, it works the same as previous versions of the tablet. The big-screen iPad also felt comfortable to hold. It weighs about 680 grams, which is the same weight as the very first iPad. Apple TV

The Apple TV is significantly different from past models. The software interface has a white background and vivid colours, similar to Apple's Music app. The new remote control includes a touch pad for scrolling around the menu and a microphone for finding things to watch using Siri, Apple's voice assistant. The remote also includes motion sensors for gaming.

I decided to have some fun by asking Siri to help me navigate content on Apple TV. For example, I tried using Siri to steer a spaceship in a Star Wars game. But that was difficult, perhaps because of my inexperience with the game.

I also tried searching for action movies and comedy movies with the remote control's microphone. Siri misunderstood me when I said "comedy," thinking I had said "comity." But it did a better job with action movies — when I said "show me action movies," Siri brought up a list of titles including Mad Max and Furious 7.

The new remote control is thicker than the previous one, and in this case, that's a good thing. The previous Apple TV remote was so thin that it had a tendency to disappear between couch cushions.

The New York Times

Follow Digital Life on Twitter The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

SOURCE Harwood Feffer LLP

NEW YORK 

On July 21, 2015 

On this news, VASCO stock nearly 33% and has not recovered. 

Our investigation concerns whether the Company board of directors has breached its fiduciary duties to shareholders, grossly mismanaged the Company, and/or committed abuses of control in connection with the foregoing. 

If you own VASCO shares and wish to discuss this matter with us, or have any questions concerning your rights and interests with regard to this matter, please contact:

Robert I. Harwood, Esq. 

Harwood Feffer 

The law firm responsible for this advertisement is Harwood Feffer LLP (www.hfesq.com). Prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter.

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120215/MM54604LOGO 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/harwood-feffer-llp-announces-investigation-of-vasco-data-security-international-inc-300149371.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

Tony Abbott's last word  
Watch the last press conference of outgoing Prime Minister Tony Abbott in full. 
 PT6M11S   620  349    

They're the power couple who have run the Liberal Party back-room operation since December 2009. 

But Tony Abbott's ousting as prime minister will inevitably lead to his high-profile chief of staff, Peta Credlin, quitting the blue carpet in Parliament House's ministerial wing. 
 
Peta Credlin and Brian Loughnane arrive for the Midwinter Ball at Parliament House in June. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen  
  
What will happen to her husband, long-serving Liberal Party federal director Brian Loughnane, is less clear. 
 
Ms Credlin worked for Malcolm Turnbull during his stint as opposition leader in 2008-09, but the pair did not always see eye to eye and she will not be working for the incoming leader. 

After her time with Mr Turnbull, Ms Credlin became the dominant figure in the Abbott government, described as a controlling co-prime minister by her critics, lauded by her allies — not least Mr Abbott, who called her the "fiercest political warrior I've ever worked with".  As chief of staff, she became one of the most high-profile staffers in recent political history. 
 
From the first days of the Abbott opposition in December 2009, Peta Credlin was in the room as one of his most trusted lieutenants. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen  
  
From the first days of the Abbott opposition in December 2009, Ms Credlin was in the room as one of the opposition leader's most trusted lieutenants alongside press secretaries and advisers Andrew Hirst and Claire Kimball, honing and refining Mr Abbott's laser-like attack on Kevin Rudd's carbon pollution reduction scheme. 

After just less than four years in opposition,  in September 2013, Ms Credlin, a lawyer with years of experience in the Howard government, made the transition as chief of staff into government. 

But the tightly controlled approach adopted in opposition did not work as smoothly in government. 
 
Mr Abbott and Ms Credlin in 2013. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen  
  
Public complaints about a " command and control " approach taken by the prime minister's office quickly surfaced, and a reliance on slogans that worked in opposition did not cut through in government. 

In February 2015, when Mr Abbott faced a spill motion in the party room, some MPs were calling for a shake-up of the prime minister's office, and for political veteran Tony Nutt to be brought into the office. 

Ms Credlin disappeared from public view, for a time, but the complaints soon resurfaced. 
 
Brian Loughnane has been federal director of the Liberal Party since 2003. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen  
  
But Mr Abbott refused suggestions of change to his office: in his farewell speech, he singled out his chief of staff  "who has been unfairly maligned by people who should've known better". 

And now, both exit the political centre stage, at least for a time. 

Mr Loughnane, meanwhile, has been federal director of the Liberal Party since February 2003 and party strategists told Fairfax Media on Tuesday that, if possible, he should continue in the role. 

One veteran pointed out that Mr Turnbull and Mr Loughnane had worked together before, during Mr Turnbull's stint as opposition leader, and that a change in director was not "necessary or inevitable". 

That veteran also said the prime minister's office would likely benefit from a bit of "competitive tension" between it and Liberal Party HQ. 

"It depends on the relationship between the two of them; [Mr Loughnane] has served every leader since Howard.      But Malcolm will have to be comfortable with the director – you can't have a situation like [former prime minister] Paul Keating and [former ALP secretary] Gary Gray [in 1996]." 

A second Liberal veteran said Ms Credlin was "very talented and a good manager, but it will be hard for her to stay in the show. I do hope Brian stays on. The most important thing is corporate knowledge and experience." 

Fairfax Media sought comment from Ms Credlin and Mr Loughnane. 

On Tuesday, Mr Turnbull also began the process of putting together his office team. 

The former secretary of the Department of Resources, Energy and Tourism, and of the Communications Department, Drew Clarke, will serve as his acting chief of staff, while Mr Nutt, who worked closely with Turnbull backer Senator Arthur Sinodinos in the office of John Howard, will return to Canberra to help manage the transition to the prime ministership. 

Senator Sinodinos confirmed on Tuesday that Mr Turnbull would seek to emulate the attitude of Mr Howard as prime minister by taking a team approach, "and have a number of senior people in there who can provide advice and make sure it's an open prime minister's office, it's accessible and that there are tributaries of advice going to the prime minister," he told Sky News. 

"The role of the office is not to be a gatekeeper and cut people off; the role of the office has to be a facilitator of contact so the prime minister knows and has early warning of whether there are concerns. 

"You don't need the polls if you have backbenchers who are frank and willing to tell you what is going on." 

Follow James Massola on Facebook . 

Follow us on Twitter

Alright, alright, alright… the time is now for us to put down our thoughts and predictions about our opening game against the Youngstown State University Penguins .  A lot of newcomers have joined this blog since the end of last season so thanks to you guys for coming onboard and please don’t hesitate to join in. 
 
Onto the main stage event.  As I write this it’s 30 hours to game time and maybe 27 hours or so to meet up with old friends and make new ones while we talk about the present, past and future of the football program and in particular this 2015 team. 
 
We all know about the rather dramatic changes the program and the athletic department have gone through since Dec 17 th when Paul Chryst left for Wisconsin and when our new Beloved Leader, Chancellor Mark Gallagher, dropped the ax on the neck of AD Steve Pederson’s tenure at Pitt. 
 
That has discussed over and overt and now its time to move on to real football! 
 
With that, here is your chance to give the world your Pitt vs. YSU game predictions.  Please add your thoughts on why you feel your prediction will come true and, if you feel like it, throw in some individual player’s work that you think will make it happen. 
 
I’m asking for your thoughts so I’ll start off with mine… 
 

 
In my 2015 season prediction article  I wrote about the reasons I have some trepidation regarding our new Head Coach Pat Narduzzi’s debut and how it will affect the players’ on field play and the coaching staff’s in-game coaching in determining the outcome of the match.  I’m not 100% sold that Narduzzi is going to be able to go head to head this early in his career with a good, successful and well established YSU Head Coach Bo Pelini and win the game in a fashion most Pitt fans have been assuming will happen… which would be a blow-out Pitt win. 
 
That may not be a concern for me after the Iowa game, especially if we do well in those  two games.  But right now there has to be a lot of wondering in the clubhouse and the coaches’ offices as to what product we’ll put out on the field of play. 
 
That said, we have talented football players, some extremely so, on offense, who should be able to play through any worries they themselves may have and through any poor in-game decisions by the staff (and there will be a few).  If our incumbent QB takes the reins right out of the gate and shows true leadership of the offense then I’ll feel better about the outcome. 
 
However, as our commenter “Still the One” pointed out in his comments Wednesday; Narduzzi and Chaney are looking for a good performance from transfer QB Nate Peterman early on in the game.  I don’t believe it will be a ‘ wait until we are a huge lead ahead or big deficit  behind to play the backup QB ’  situation but that the staff has real need for them to see Peterman playing actual football against an opponent.  We’ll discuss the outcome of that move on Sunday I’m sure. 
 
However, just the offense picking up where it left off, and actually I don’t think it will especially with the jerry-rigged  offensive line and the uncertainty at WR, doesn’t guarantee us a win.  The defense has to be there in even better form than the offense to get a win. I believe our defense is still in a state of instability and is going to be changing on the fly during this game and week to week for a few games.  As I’ve said before I think Narduzzi and Conklin’s plan for single coverage by the cornerbacks is a problem waiting to show its face, at least in this first game. 
 
Here is what I think after reading, writing and digesting all the Pitt footballs news, notes and opinions since Pat Narduzzi signed on the dotted line: 
 
Reed’s Take: 
  The game will close through three quarters with both teams leading at one point.  Conner gets less than 100 yards but scores two TDs.  Passing game will be OK with more use of our TEs and Peterman will impress in his playing time.  We create turnovers by aggressive defensive play but give up more passing (at least one big pass play) and rushing yards than we hoped we would.  Pitt pulls away in the 4th quarter to win…   
Pitt 27 – YSU 20   
 
Chip in with your thoughts as to what you think we’ll see and what the outcome will be.  We’ll take a look at our predictions on Sunday and talk about the outcome of this important game. 
 
NOTE :  We didn’t get many responses for suggestions on a meeting place for the pre-game Pitt Blather meeting.drink/bull throwing festivities.  So I’m asking you guys to meet at the Bettis Grill before the game.  I’ll be there at around 11:30. I’ll try to get there earlier but have a friend’s tailgate in Red 7 to visit also – he owes me $40 so I have to break his kneecap.  After that I’ll go over to Bettis’ and then leave around 12:30 or so for the press box. 
 
I can’t wait to see old friends and meet some new Blather followers.  Again, check the picture out on this post… I’ll be the guy with his head above almost everyone else’s, a blue polo shirt with “Blather” on it and longer hair and a DW style mustache.

(Marketintelligencecenter.com via COMTEX) -- 

After ThursdayaEUR(TM)s trading in Semtech Corp ( SMTC ) the algorithms behind MarketIntelligenceCenter.com's Artifical Intelligence Center picked out a trade that offers a 10.19% or 18.98% (for comparison purposes only), while providing 13.67% downside protection. The trade is a Mar. '16 covered call at the $16.00 level for a net debit of about $14.52. The net debit is also the breakeven point for this trade. Technical indicators for the stock have been bearish recently and support and resistance have been in the area of $16.29 and $17.29, respectively. 

(C) Copyright 2015, Marketintelligencecenter.com. All rights reserved. 

Please read the End User Agreement. 

By accessing this page, you agree to the terms and conditions of the End User Agreement. 

News provided by COMTEX. 

Futures Market Sectors 

Major Forex Currency Pairs 

Resources for Traders 

Advertise with Us | Contact Us 

Market data is the property of the Exchange. 

Market data is delayed at least 10 minutes. Access to this website and use of this market data is subject to the following: (a) Market data is for the recipients own personal use and may not be redistributed without permission of the Exchange, which may depend on execution of an agreement and payment of the applicable fee; (b) the Exchange and its licensors reserve all Intellectual Property Rights to market data; (c) the Exchange and TradingCharts disclaims all liability for market data and use thereof, and any and all losses, damages or claims arising from use of market data; (d) the Exchange and TradingCharts may suspend or terminate receipt of market data by any party if the Exchange or TradingCharts has reason to believe market data is being misused or misrepresented. It is also a condition of access to this website that you agree to not copy, disseminate, capture, reverse engineer or otherwise use information provided on this site for any other purpose except for the direct display in Internet browser of the end user only, and only in the format provided. These pages © TradingCharts.com, Inc. 

Concerned about privacy? See TradingCharts' Privacy Statement

Official says 'small number' of Benghazi-related emails 

By 

Updated 09/25 2015 06:51PM 

Copyright 2015 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 

An email chain between former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and then-commander of U.S. Central Command David Petraeus from January and February 2009 is raising questions about whether some of the emails on Clinton's private email server were mistakenly deemed personal and not included among the 55,000 pages of emails she turned over to the State Department. 

Separately on Friday, a State Department official said a "small number" of Benghazi-related emails that had not been disclosed to the House committee investigating the 2012 terror attack had been discovered. 

In the past few days, the State Department was contacted by the Department of Defense about the Clinton-Petraeus chain, two State Department officials said. The officials say the chain does not appear to include classified information, though an official determination has not been made. The chain included Clinton and Petraeus getting acquainted as well as some personnel matters, according to the officials. It was apparently considered personal by Clinton's team and therefore wasn't turned over to the State Department, the officials said. 

Most of the email chain was on an old email server Clinton says she no longer has access to, but the end of the email chain contained messages on the private server she used while in office, according to another official. The chain begins on January 10, 2009 and ends on Feb. 1, 2009 and contains less than 10 emails total between Clinton and Petraeus, the official said. 

State Department spokesman John Kirby said State received "several copies of one email chain between former Secretary Clinton and then Commander of U.S. Central Command David Petraeus which were not previously in the possession of the Department" from the Department of Defense and the State Inspector General. "These emails are now in our possession and will be subject to Freedom of Information Act requests. Furthermore, we asked the IG to incorporate this matter into the review Secretary Kerry requested in March. We have also informed Congress of this matter." 

Also on Friday, a State Department official also told CNN that in the process of turning over Libya-related emails to the Select Committee on Benghazi, it found a "small number" of Benghazi-related emails that had not been disclosed to the committee previously. These emails are among 925 Libya-related emails being turned over Friday and were found within the emails Clinton turned over to the State Department from her private server. The official said the emails were found because they have now been digitized and are easier to search. 

Clinton turned over to State her work-related emails from the server and kept emails she deemed personal. The email server has since been turned over to the FBI, where investigators have been able to recover both the personal and work-related emails. The FBI is looking into whether any classified materials were mishandled.

Former St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Joaquin Andujar died Tuesday in the Dominican Republic at age 62 after an extended battle with diabetes. 
 
Andujar was to be honored in his hometown of San Pedro de Macoris on Tuesday and buried Wednesday. 

The right-hander finished his major league career with a 127-118 record and a 3.58 ERA with the Cardinals, Houston Astros and Oakland Athletics. He was named to the All-Star team four times in 13 seasons and helped the Cardinals win the 1982 World Series, posting a 2-0 record against the Milwaukee Brewers in the Fall Classic, including a victory in Game 7. 

In 1984 and 1985, Andujar won 20 and 21 games and finished fourth in the National League Cy Young Award voting both years. He was considered one of baseball's top pitchers in the 1980s. 

"Joaquin struggled for years with diabetes and in recent days had deteriorated a lot," former major league pitcher and fellow Dominican Mario Soto said, according to ESPN. "He was hospitalized several times but always came out unscathed. However, he surrendered to the disease that consumed him completely." 

The Cardinals paid tribute to Andujar on Twitter, saying "He was 'One Tough Dominican' & a member of our Cardinals family. We loved him & we will miss him. RIP Joaquin Andujar" 

Andujar also played for 14 years in the Dominican winter league. 

"We extend our deepest condolences to the relatives of Mr. Andujar, a fierce pitcher who always gave the maximum on the mound," said Leonardo Matos Berrido, president of the Dominican winter baseball league.

The Texas State football team scored 63 points in its home opener. Here's the five key plays from the win. 
 
1. A new school record 
 
Prairie View A&M was trailing 27-3 with a couple seconds remaining in the first quarter, facing a 3rd-and-15 on Texas State’s 43 yard-line. The Panthers punted in order to pin the Bobcats in their own territory, but their plan was foiled by Brandon McDowell, sophomore cornerback. 
 
McDowell fielded the punt and found some space to make a play. The sophomore ran past a couple of Panthers and all of a sudden a lane opened up for him. McDowell broke some tackles, and ankles, and took the punt across the field for a 95-yard punt return for a touchdown. McDowell is behind Brandon Smith, senior wide receiver, for punt returns, but after a return like this, Smith might be looking over his shoulder. 
 
2. Second chance 
 
It took 88 seconds for Texas State to get on the board. Another touchdown followed less than two minutes later. The opportunity was created because Damani Alexcee, junior safety, forced a fumble that Trey McGowan, senior linebacker, recovered at Texas State’s 39-yard line. The fumble recovery opened up the game entirely by gifting another possession to the Bobcats. 
 
3. Back on track 
 
Robert Lowe, senior running back, scored the first touchdown of the game with 13:32 remaining in the first quarter. The touchdown was set up by a 49-yard completion to Jafus Gains, senior wide receiver, that put the team on the five-yard line. This drive set the tone for the rest of the game as Texas State showed their dominance all night over Prairie View A&M. Lowe rushed to the left side with ease and gave Texas State a 7-0 lead. 
 
4. Bowling ball 
 
On third 3rd-and-3 in the redzone, Texas State went to Chris Nutall, senior running back. Nutall did enough to get the first down but he found more running room and took his carry into the end zone for six points. Nutall’s score gave Texas State a 14-0 lead with 9:54 left in the first quarter. All hopes of an upset for Prairie View A&M were diminishing after the score. The drive was the Bobcats’ second of the game and their high powered offense was on display early on in the game. 
 
5. Going long 
 
The play started off looking like an option play with Tyler Jones, junior quarterback, but he pulled back from the option. Smith was wide-open in the secondary. The senior wide receiver hauled in the pass from Jones and the Panthers secondary was nowhere in sight. Smith took the catch for a 65-yard touchdown. The touchdown gave the team a 20-0 lead in the game. It was the first of three passing touchdowns for Jones.

Daily Mail  Sunday 27th September, 2015  
 'We're too broke to go on the beat': Police chiefs warn ministers that cuts mean they can't do their job as they threaten to stop street patrols and say they won't be able to protect public from rioters or terrorists?... 
Read the full story at Daily Mail

Listening to politicians campaigning you a picture you get is that after October, Tanzanians will be living in heaven. Candidates’ promises paints a flawless Tanzania in which no one will labour for anything. 

If you critically look at things which politicians in the campaign trail promise they are going to accomplish if elected, you will be petrified. Anyone with sober mind will be horrified and left wondering on how and when these politicians are going to fulfil these pledges. 

It seems also that even those who are defending their seats have forgotten that in 2010 they issued a lot of promises majority of which they have not accomplished. They now go out to dish out even more promises.  

While Mwalimu Nyerere used to tell Tanzanians that they will develop only through hard work, our candidates are competing to show that they have solutions to all problems and these solutions do not entail people working, let alone working hard, to resolve their problems. 

Candidates are promising each and everything but none of them have been heard telling Tanzanians that they will have to toil for them to earn their daily bread. 

Making promises to the effect that people will not be required to work in order to better their lives amounts to making them complacent. And this will not only affect the individuals but the entire nation. For the nation to make strides it needs hard working people who will be able to first change their personal lives and then contribute for the national economy. 

Crave for victory should not blind the candidates and push them to give promises which in actual fact are not reasonable. We should only look back into 2010 and take stock of what was promised and what has been accomplished for us to be able to gauge what promising mean to the individuals and the nation. 

The promises we have been hearing would need a lot of money to be implemented. But we are not told where this money will come from. Other candidates have started to cite natural gas as one source of money with which they will accomplish their promises. But we know that a better expert’s guess is that the next leadership will leave the office before the country starts to see real money from the natural gas. So, there is no point in cheating the public that gas will provide enough money for implementation of these many plans which we are hearing. 

Politicians should campaign knowing that this country or its people are not going to end tomorrow. They should practice considerate politics which respect the fact that cheating would only give them satisfaction but subject the country and its people to pointless argony. 

Peter Nyanje is the Political/Election Editor of The Citizen

Corbyn will not take part in weekly PM’s Questions with David Cameron Meanwhile Watson expected to wield far more power than his predecessor New deputy leader marked his election by lashing out at ‘Tory sniggers’ Claimed Labour will wipe smiles off Tory faces by winning power again  
By 
 
Published: 16:22 EST, 12 September 2015 | Updated: 05:01 EST, 13 September 2015 
    
Tom Watson and Jeremy Corbyn are tipped to form a ‘Tom and Jerry’ duo of a Prime Minister and President in waiting. 
 
‘PM’ Watson will be in day-to-day charge while 'President’ Corbyn carries on campaigning.

The San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department said it was a matter of public safety when deputies opened fire from a helicopter on a wrong-way chase suspect on the 215 Freeway. 
On Friday, a suspect led authorities on a dangerous high-speed chase through surface streets in Fontana and San Bernardino before he drove the wrong way in the northbound lanes of the freeway. He reached speeds as high as 100 mph and deputies deemed him a threat to public safety. 

Lt. Mitch Datillo said there is a lot for deputies to take into account before firing from a helicopter. 

"If you're near schools, if you're in residential areas. We have had times where we fully intended that it was getting to that level and we could not deploy, based on the backdrop and the public safety there," he said. 

But when the suspect jumped out of his SUV after being shot, the car continued to move and slammed head-on into another SUV, injuring three people. A relative of that family told Eyewitness News that he questions the decision by deputies to open fire from the air. 

While shooting from a helicopter is rare, it does happen. In 2004, a deputy with the Orange County Sheriff's Department opened fire from their helicopter on a suspect who was firing at deputies at a recycling plant near Irvine. 

Eyewitness News spoke with use-of-force expert and Inyo County Sheriff's Deputy Ed. Obayashi, who said he agrees with the decision to shoot, based partly on the fact of the suspect's speed while heading in the wrong direction on the freeway. 

"It could have been worse," he said. "That constitutes an immediate grave danger to the public and that justifies deadly force." 

The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Special Enforcement Bureau is authorized and trains deputies to shoot from a helicopter. Ventura County sheriff's deputies are not trained, but after hearing about the deadly chase, officials said they may consider changing the policy and training deputies.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Each year, PhRMA and other biopharmaceutical industry leaders honor those who have made a significant contribution to the health care field. The Research and Hope Awards recognize the men and women conducting groundbreaking research, giving back to their community, advocating for patients and bringing awareness to particular diseases. This year, the awards honored those who are changing the world of oncology research and care. As we continue to gain new insight into the many variations of cancer, new tools are created, medicines are developed and new treatments emerge. With the help of dedicated individuals like the 2015 Research and Hope honorees, we move a little bit closer to transforming once-devastating diseases into manageable conditions.

https://photos.prnewswire.com/prnvar/20150915/266923

This year's recipient of the Excellence in Biopharmaceutical Research award was the KEYTRUDA Team from Merck & Co., Inc. This team developed an approved treatment for advanced melanoma and it has the potential to treat many other types of cancer. We look forward to seeing the continued development of their breakthrough work.

J. Silvio Gutkind, Ph.D., professor, Department of Pharmacology; associate director, Basic Science, Moores Cancer Center, University of California San Diego, is this year's recipient of the award for Excellence in Academic or Governmental Research. His extensive work with G proteins ultimately led to novel strategies for treating and preventing many types of cancer. These advances have the potential to save the lives of many patients in years to come.

The Community Champion Award went to Rick Dunetz, executive director and founder of the Side-Out Foundation. Rick, a local volleyball coach, invited his mother to work with his team after her breast cancer diagnosis. She found hope in their victories and the team was inspired to win not only for themselves, but for her as well. After seeing the transformation of his mother and his team, Rick founded the Side-Out Foundation to reach other athletes and cancer patients. His work is bringing hope and energy to the cause of ending breast cancer.

Vicki Kennedy, co-founder and president of the Board of the ; senior counsel, Greenberg Traurig LLP, was this year's recipient of the Award for Excellence in Advocacy and Activism. Since the passing of her late husband, Senator Ted Kennedy, Mrs. Kennedy has spoken publicly on coping with stress and enhancing quality of life for brain tumor patients and their loved ones. Her dedication to telling her story, and the story of thousands of other families whose lives have been impacted by cancer is inspiring to many.

The recipients of the Visibility and Progress Award are Liz and Jay Scott, co-founders of Alex's Lemonade Stand. In 2000, their four-year-old daughter, Alex, founded Alex's Lemonade Stand to raise money to find a cure for childhood cancer after her own diagnosis. Following Alex's death in 2004, her parents set up the foundation to continue her dream of finding a cure. Since Alex's first stand in 2000, the foundation has raised more than $100 million to fund more than 475 cutting-edge research projects. Alex's spirit of determination and hope lives on through the foundations work.

These five awardees are just a few of the individuals doing outstanding work in the field of oncology research. With their dedication and our continued commitment to finding a cure, the future for cancer patients and their families looks a little bit brighter. To read more about this exciting progress, take a look at some of the honoree's response to the latest Conversations question: What are you most excited about in the fight against cancer?

On behalf of PhRMA and the co-sponsors of the 2015 Research and Hope Awards, we thank you for your contributions to this important effort.

The following organizations authored this post: ., American Lung Association, Bladder Cancer Advocacy Network (BCAN), CancerCare, Cancer Support Community, Chris4Life Colon Cancer Foundation, Friends of Cancer Research, No Stomach For Cancer, The Sarcoma Foundation of America

Contact: Andrew Powaleny; 202-835-3460; newsroom@phrma.org 

http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnvar/20091027/PHRMALOGO

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150915/266923 

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20091027/PHRMALOGO 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/thanking-research-and-hope-honorees-for-their-efforts-fighting-cancer-300144093.html SOURCE

AKM-GSI   
Will the VMAs drama ever end? 

Pink isn't feeling red in the face after comments she allegedly made on a private Instagram went public. The 35-year-old singer-songwriter made headlines Thursday after she reportedly weighed in on the  earlier that week, confessing to a fan she felt "embarrassed," "sad" and "old" while watching this year's show. "In all seriousness; I felt sad because music is supposed to inspire. It saved my life. This trash won't save any kids life. In a world that is even scarier and with lives still worth saving, who will stand up and have soul?" she asked. "Disenfranchised to say the least. Let down by my industry and peers." 

Pink then name-dropped a few acts, writing, "Beside Macklemore and Pharrell and [ Justin ] Bieber (pre-sob fest) and The Weeknd , Tori Kelly was dope too. The rest was gross and embarrassing and hard for this aging pop star to believe." 

E! News reached out to Pink's rep to confirm or clarify her comments Thursday. 
 Kevin Mazur/MTV1415/WireImage   
Right or wrong, many people assumed the "Just Give Me a Reason" singer was slamming host Miley Cyrus , as well as performers and pop peers Iggy Azalea , Demi Lovato , Nicki Minaj and Taylor Swift , as she didn't offer them any praise. 

Publicly, Pink trashed the annual awards show, , "I'm convinced MTV just bought up all dispensaries before airing this show." Pink did give props to one performer, though, , "Ok @ToriKelly - fan for life. Great freaking performance tonight, you live singing, guitar playing accapella sanging woman." 

After her alleged Instagram comments made the rounds, Pink defended herself via  that night. "Please look for a feud elsewhere. I have no issue with Demi Lovato or anyone else. I actually forgot she performed. I have opinions. MANY," she told her followers, , "I stand by what I said. However, I didn't intend for the angry people of the world to latch on and make it into something it isn't. Peace." 

Pink then retweeted several supportive messages: 

@Pink Pink doesn't play the trashy tabloid game and is in a league of her own so you're bitchy tweets are meaningless. You cannot touch her. 
— Billy (@evrybdygegeget) September 4, 2015 
@luv_npnk  @Pink shouldn't you be asleep for work tomorrow instead of trying to start an argument 
— ️ (@HolyDemiPerry) September 4, 2015 
@Pink Their own thoughts. People should just agree to disagree and move on in life. 
— Kaleb (@KalebA_M) September 4, 2015 
@Pink I have no clue why people were angry over your comment, I think people on the Internet just love to be offended. 
— David Atkins (@DavidAtkins42) September 4, 2015 
@Pink Dont feed the trolls, they never get enough  
— Luis Dzo (@LuisDzo) September 4, 2015 
@hgunn23  @Pink she's honestly saying she forgot...that's not being disrespectful she literally forgot 
— Maddie Roberts (@maddiie_roberts) September 4, 2015 
Finally, she , "K this was fun. You guys are a hoot." 

Lovato, meanwhile, responded to Pink via Twitter Friday: 
 
Cool For The Summer may not "save kid's lives" or "inspire" but I'd say Skyscraper & Warrior have done a pretty good job of helping people 
— Demi Lovato (@ddlovato) September 4, 2015 
cope with mental illness. VMA's are sexy and fun. There's a time and place for everything. 
— Demi Lovato (@ddlovato) September 4, 2015 
I'm excited for you all to hear the inspirational/honest/soulful songs on this album. #Lionheart  #Father  #StoneCold  #Confident ... Oct. 16!! 
— Demi Lovato (@ddlovato) September 4, 2015 
I'm learning so much every day by this new chapter in my life. I'm no longer the victim. I am the survivor. 
— Demi Lovato (@ddlovato) September 4, 2015 
Then, Pink responded: 
 
You know, this is part of why I'm sad about the VMas and the world in general. Everyone is so nasty and waiting for a fight. I never said 
— P!nk (@Pink) September 4, 2015 
Anything about Demi Lovato or called out anyone. I was talking to a friend in response to his disappointment about the show. I agree w him. 
— P!nk (@Pink) September 4, 2015 
You can make this into whatever you like, cause that's who we are now, I guess. I'm out 
— P!nk (@Pink) September 4, 2015 
In other news, it's gonna be a beautiful day, I hope you look up from your keyboards and enjoy it ❤️ 
— P!nk (@Pink) September 4, 2015   
(Originally published on Friday, Sept. 4, 2015, at 4:36 a.m. PDT.)

Arjen Robben reacts during the UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying round football match between Netherlands and Iceland. © AFP 

Munich: Dutchman Arjen Robben returned with a groin injury from the European Qualifiers and will be out of action for four weeks, German record football champions Bayern Munich confirmed on Sunday. 

The new captain of the Dutch national team did not only suffer a surprising 0-1 defeat against Iceland but he also sustained a muscle injury in his left adductors, according to Bayern's club doctor Volker Braun, reports Xinhua. 

Hence, the 31-year-old winger will miss the decisive European Qualifier encounter against Turkey but also a number of Bundesliga and European Champions League matches for Bayern. 

The German giants sit currently on the second place of the Bundesliga standings after reaping three wins in as many games. They host Augsburg at the fourth round in Bundesliga on September 12.

]]> 

ST. LOUIS , Sept. 18, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Attorneys from the Houston and Kansas City offices of the Potts Law Firm, LLP , have filed a new lawsuit against auto manufacturing giant General Motors LLC (NYSE: GM) in St. Louis City Circuit Court on behalf of 90 individual victims of a deadly ignition switch defect that led to the recall of more than 28 million GM vehicles worldwide and has caused more than 120 deaths and thousands of injuries. 

The new claims for serious injuries and wrongful death follow this week's announcement that GM will pay a $900 million criminal settlement as part of a deferred prosecution agreement with U.S. Department of Justice for misleading the government and the public about the company's handling of the faulty ignition switches. 

The Potts Law Firm represents hundreds of individuals and their families in lawsuits against GM in Missouri courts and other jurisdictions across the U.S. The new claims filed in St. Louis allege that the GM ignition switches caused vehicles to shut off while being driven, prevented protective airbags from inflating, and caused seatbelts to malfunction. The new filing is Patricia Foreman , et al. v. General Motors LLC . Overall, the firm represents nearly 150 ignition switch victims in St. Louis . 

Accomplished trial attorney and Potts Law Firm Managing Partner Derek Potts represents the families of Tabatha Rogers , 26, and Tara Yates , 27, who died in 2014 when their car unexpectedly careened off a level stretch of highway. Their case is tentatively set for trial in January 2016 in St. Louis . 

Ms. Rogers lost control of her 2001 Pontiac Grand Am on the day after Valentine's Day on old State Highway 35 in Sevier County, Tennessee . The car hit an embankment before becoming airborne and striking a utility pole. Ms. Rogers died at the scene and Ms. Yates died shortly after at a nearby hospital. Mr. Potts says he plans to prove that a faulty GM ignition switch caused the fatal crash. 

"We believe the evidence clearly shows that these young women would still be here today if not for an ignition switch that General Motors knew was defective," says Mr. Potts. "It is extremely telling that airbags in their car didn't inflate at any point despite this violent, fatal wreck." 

The Houston -based Potts Law Firm represents clients in a variety of personal injury claims and mass tort matters, from complex pharmaceutical cases to automobile defect cases to product liability claims. The firm currently is accepting new GM ignition switch cases and referrals. Visit www.potts-law.com   for more information. 

For media interviews or to discuss your GM ignition switch case, please contact Bruce Vincent at 800-559-4534 or bruce@androvett.com . 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/potts-law-firm-files-90-new-gm-ignition-switch-claims-in-st-louis-300145573.html 

SOURCE  Potts Law Firm, LLP

Factional unanimity in the ALP could facilitate any move to dump Bill Shorten as leader. Source: AAP Australians woke to a new Prime Minister on Tuesday morning and feedback from opinion pollsters has been coming in thick and fast. The new incumbent, Malcolm Turnbull, is preferred by up to 70 per cent of voters according to the Morgan Poll and by a staggering 94 per cent of Coalition voters according to ReachTEL.

Turnbull is opposed by a somewhat stressed Labor leader, Bill Shorten, who is supported as alternative prime minister by only 24 per cent of voters, according to Morgan, with more than a quarter of ALP voters preferring Turnbull as PM.

No wonder Shorten wants to meet Turnbull to discuss the China free-trade agreement — he’s probably after a joint shot for his campaign brochure.

Even more tellingly, ReachTEL shows a clear majority of Greens voters — the ones supposed to deliver 90 per cent of their prefer­ences to Labor — support Turnbull over Shorten.

This majority support for Turnbull from Greens voters came in a poll held after Turnbull was politically mugged on the way to Yarralumla and forced to hand control of waterways to the Nationals, a move that will cost votes for Nationals candidates at the next election, leading to more of their state and federal seats progressively being knocked off by challenges from Labor, the Greens and independents.

ReachTEL also estimates that the election of Turnbull as PM means the swing in Western Australia’s Canning by-election today should be about minus 5 per cent, instead of the 10 per cent predicted by all polls before the leadership spill.

A week ago, an upset Labor win in Canning was possible and this result would have been consistent with the seat’s former position as an ALP marginal during the Hawke and Keating years.

A 5 per cent swing against the Coalition would equal the personal support attracted by Canning’s former Liberal MP, the late Don Randall, suggesting the Liberals effectively retained all of their party vote.

That in turn would imply the Howard battlers are firmly in the grip of the Coalition 12 months out from the next election, in Canning and comparable seats across the country, such as Lindsay in NSW or Longman in Queensland.

This conclusion is confirmed by a ReachTEL national poll showing a two-party preferred vote of 50 per cent for the Turnbull-led Coalition, with a Galaxy poll showing 51 per cent. This is an increase of 4 per cent to 5 per cent over the figures under Tony Abbott, and I suspect the Coalition’s standing will improve ­further, given the former prime minister’s net dissatisfaction scores and the likely positive scores for Turnbull.

A rough guide to the impact of Abbott on his party vote can be obtained by dividing his net dissatisfaction scores by about five, and this corresponds to an interim sugar hit to the Coalition vote of about 6 per cent.

How long the hit lasts depends to some extent on how quickly disaffected conservatives in the Coalition stop sabotaging the new PM before he has had a chance to save their seats from their own poor judgment. It would help if Turnbull’s backers stopped provoking Abbott loyalists by boasting about their hatchet job on the ousted PM as this is a story that appeals to political insiders but not to voters.

Cheering on yesterday’s men among the conservatives is yesterday’s man for the ALP, Shorten, who less than a week ago was cruising to a certain victory for Labor with about 54 per cent of the two-party preferred despite net satisfaction ratings almost as bad as those of Abbott.

Complacency on the part of Labor and the timidity of its leadership left the party reliant on the visceral dislike of Abbott among key groups to insulate Labor from the Greens in the ALP’s inner-city seats and to make gains in marginal urban seats, especially in Victoria and South Australia.

This strategy became redundant within 24 hours of Abbott’s demise as many of the middle-class and professional voters Shorten thought were in the bag switched their support to the new Turnbull government. Now Shorten is Turnbull’s greatest asset and the Prime Minister should do everything he can to ensure the Opposition Leader survives until the next election.

My profiles of elections back to 1966 make it clear that Labor gains broad-based community support when it develops credible economic and social policies for working families in provincial cities and outer suburbs, and for middle-class families in marginal urban seats. Labor has been able to build on this foundation and go on to win elections when it has chosen leaders capable of articulating these policies during an extended period of opposition and making them relevant to key groups in marginal seats.

Shorten’s insipid leadership means Labor has done neither — and now it may be too late.

The party’s first problem is the rules put in place by Kevin Rudd to protect the leader from caucus challenges. If Shorten’s net satisfaction scores don’t improve and the ALP’s vote begins to decline towards 45 per cent, Labor will be looking to dump him as quickly and as quietly as possible. But the rule changes make it potentially harder — unless there’s a complete agreement across all the factions to ignore the rules, in effect, and let the caucus get on with it.

This means a challenge could become a protracted and public fight, which would hurt Labor’s vote even further. If the factions agreed Shorten had to go, his replacement would be difficult to find as the factional gene pool in the ALP is so shallow, there are no natural leaders who seem capable of dominating Turnbull in parliamentary or public debates.

Even with a competent leader, Labor and the union movement have a long-running problem in rebuilding the support base they once had among skilled blue-collar men in Labor’s safer urban seats and in outer urban marginals such as Canning.

To become PM you need to be able to control a majority of seats on the floor of the House of Representatives, and it helps to win more than 50 per cent of the vote, but you don’t need it if you can win more than 50 per cent of the votes in more than half the seats.

If you win the votes in the right seats the swing pendulum also becomes meaningless because it’s ­really only a retrospective device to measure what happened and does not predict what can happen.

In 1998, the ALP needed a two-party preferred swing of about 4 per cent to win a majority of seats on the pendulum and it actually managed a swing of 5.1 per cent, yet that left it still needing a swing of 0.8 per cent to win. This is because winning votes in your opponents’ key seats reshuffles the seats along the pendulum even if the swing doesn’t change.

John Howard achieved this in 1998 by winning support from traditional Labor-voting welfare recipients and skilled blue-collar tradies in seats such as Canning.

Profiling of elections back to 1966 shows that the Labor vote from tradies trended downwards from 1980 and split about 50-50 between Labor and the Coalition in 2004. The tradies profile for Labor bounced back a little in 2007 and 2010, but once more split 50-50 in 2013.

Should that remain the case next year, the Coalition is likely to continue to maintain a lead of about 6 per cent among men.

The decline in support for the ALP among blue-collar men during the 1980s and 90s was counterbalanced by an increase in the ALP vote among women.

The female ALP vote rose in proportion to the increase in women’s workforce participation rates, which went up from 34 per cent in 1961 to 53 per cent in 1993.

The two-party preferred ALP vote among women pulled ahead of the equivalent figure for men in the early 80s, with many crossing to Labor via the Australian Democrats. The ALP’s primary vote from women is now consistently about six points ahead of its primary vote from men. Politically this means that, since 2001, you would be likelier to find a safe Labor seat dominated by female clerks than by male tradies, and you would be just as likely to find a Labor seat dominated by female professionals as male tradies.

This increased participation in the workforce by clerical and professional women has had a big pay-off for unions. Just as Labor’s power base became more feminised and shifted its centre of gravity from traditional outer urban seats to move closer to the goat cheese circle, so too did the power base for the union movement.

While the proportion of male union members in the private sector continues to decline, the proportion of female union members in the public sector has remained steady, although it temporarily rose in tandem with Rudd and Wayne Swan’s stimulus in 2009.

Public sector jobs in administration, education and health are keeping the union movement afloat, and these three industries in both sectors now account for 52 per cent of all union members.

These workers have been easily persuaded by their union officials to support quotas for union members in hospitals and schools, and this focus on membership growth rather than outcomes for patients and students requires a lot of public spending and commensurately higher taxes, which of course hit private sector blue-collar jobs for blokes.

This is why Labor was incapable of cutting public spending under Rudd and Julia Gillard, and why the ACTU has been desperate to secure the election of another big-spending Labor government under a weak leader who considers themselves to be dependent on union support.

The evidence, however, shows that although more than half of the extra million jobs created by Labor were in public administration, education and health, there was no political return for Rudd in 2013 in terms of bigger swings to Labor from electorates containing larger numbers of voters working in these industries.

Labor’s lead among female voters comes from the seats domin­ated by the 50 per cent of employed women in full-time jobs. They voted Labor in 2013 and swung to Labor, irrespective of their industry or union membership. The other 50 per cent of working women in the more vulnerable part-time jobs live in the aspirational middle-class seats that voted strongly for the Coalition and swung to Abbott.

These tend to be the women who temporarily have given up full-time work to have children and who are seeking to re-enter the workforce by juggling childcare and effective marginal tax rates to help pay off a family mortgage and send their children to the best school they can afford.

They have high levels of debt and spending, and they tend to cluster in similarly priced housing estates in marginal seats. They were political gold when I first profiled them in the early 70s and they are still political gold in the present undernourished Labor market.

The challenge for Turnbull in selecting his new ministry is primarily to protect his base vote among Howard battlers.

He can do this by selecting an industrial relations minister who can relate directly to blue-collar working men, and a welfare minister who doesn’t poke sticks at the huge numbers of welfare recipients clustered in outer urban and provincial seats, as these voters don’t consider living in relative poverty as an entitlement.

To regain a degree of parity among middle-class and professional women, Turnbull clearly needs to select more of them as members of his cabinet — including women who understand what it’s like to hand over a crying toddler at the childcare centre or comb the headlice out of their four-year-old after kindy, all to pay off the mortgage, save for school fees and help provide a better life for their families.

If he can do that, balance the budget and generate 220,000 jobs a year, winning the next election against whoever is leading the ALP at the time should be a cinch.

I wish him well. However you vote at present, given the state of our economy and our labour ­market, we all need Turnbull to succeed.

John Black, a former Labor senator for Queensland, is chief executive of Australian Development Strategies, a demographic profiling company. His original profiling for the ALP campaign in 1983 is now being published online on elaborate.net.au.

Have you ever felt like trading in the politically correct strictures of the mordern office for the world of Mad Men? Have you ever felt like trading in the politically correct strictures of our modern day office environment for the world of Mad Men? It still exists, apparently, if you are a Melbourne barrister.

That was the gist of a very non-PC marketing campaign by the trouble-prone financial services shop, IOOF.

A male adviser at its subsidiary, Shadforth Financial Group, sent the email soliciting for financial planning business from Melbourne's barrister community.

According to an article in Lawyers Weekly, it had a very specific idea about who our "typical barrister" is. Let's just say that the girls and boys have very specific roles.

According to the article, "After marrying their 'school sweetheart' in their 30s, he suggested barristers in their 40s are likely to find themselves in the following position – 'Your wife is a 'home engineer', managing two children under 10, and you are finding the 'cottage' which was never quite finished is becoming a little crowded'."

Things are better by the time this archetypal barrister hits his 50s. His career is established and "your wife has gone back to part-time work and the money flow is good for a while".

The report said several barristers had complained about this stereotype of a very male Bar with stay-at-home wives.

"Are we not thrust back to the beginnings of Mad Men?" an anonymous QC told the publication.

A Shadforth​ spokesperson told Lawyers Weekly: "This does not reflect the view of Shadforth​ and is not the Shadforth​ way."

It won't be help Shadforth's​ parent, IOOF, which needs all the legal help it can get. The ASX-listed company has faced a Senate grilling, and an investigation from ASIC over allegations of front running, insider trading and faulty research reports. Degree of pain 

CBD would like to admit that we might have been a tad unappreciative of just what the Hawke-Keating era minister, John Dawkins, achieved during his all-too brief stint chairing education dunce, Vocation.

Much has been written about the disastrous unravelling of its business, and carnage for investors who were flogged the stock at more than $3 a pop. It is now worth 10¢.

Good thing they have the luxury of three different class actions at their disposal.

But they should have known better. The risks were all reported in the previous annual report signed by Dawkins, according to his replacement in the chair, Doug Halley.

In this year's report, Halley referred to last year's effort saying: "Our annual report also referred to risks that might restrict Vocation's ability to deliver on its strategy. With hindsight, two of these risks – the company's dependence on the support of government funding, and damage to its brand – were prescient."

That is one way of putting it.

There is some good news for investors. The new chief executive, Stewart Cummins, said he plans new initiatives to get the company back on track like, "build a strong management team" and upgrade its systems "to provide accurate management information".

Wow, why didn't they think of this before the IPO in December 2013.

The most sobering information is that the company paid out a $9.5 million dividend pre IPO, and another $6.5 million in 2014.

That is $16 million in cash dividends for a company now worth $23 million. NAB's Poach 

ASIC's national media manager, Andre Khoury, will be playing on the other side of the fence, taking up a position with NAB next month.

But NAB confirmed that he will not be working with its wealth boss, Andrew Hagger.

It is an important point given Hagger has been moonlighting for ASIC thanks to the bank's wealth fiasco.

In March this year, a Senate committee heard how Hagger has had to check no fewer than five ASIC media releases that had been sent to the bank in draft form.

"Our practice of sending media releases to external entities has been that, with a negotiated outcome – and only with a negotiated outcome such as an Enforceable Undertaking – ASIC will generally provide the party with our media release shortly ahead of publication," explained Khoury's current boss, Greg Medcraft​. Fat loss

Singaporean dotcom "incubator" Fatfish​ Group came back to the market with a Plan B on Tuesday after its investors gave it a lesson in democracy last week. They unceremoniously dumped its plan to spin-off, and list, mobile phone game maker, iCandy.

Fatfish​ said that, after consulting with iCandy's​ board, the ASX, and its own investors, it remains "committed to pursuing the proposed spin-off and listing" of iCandy​.

To avoid another rejection by shareholders at the next meeting, it proposes to retain a larger stake in iCandy​ and distribute fewer shares to its shareholders.

Mind you, its investors might have been reacting to the restatement of Fatfish's accounts last week by its auditors from MSI Ragg Weir.

It appears the backdoor listing of the Fatfish business in July last year, via Atech Holdings, did not meet certain accounting standards.

This means the purchase of one particular Fatfish​ business should have been accounted for as a cost rather than as "goodwill on acquisition".

This basically doubled the company's net loss for the year ending December 31, 2014, from $6.5 million to $12.5 million. It reported revenue of $507,310 for that year.

Got a tip? ckruger@fairfaxmedia.com.au The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

On Tuesday afternoon, Kim Davis, the Kentucky clerk whose imprisonment for not granting same-sex marriage licenses became a cause célèbre for the right, was released amid fanfare and a glowing introduction by Republican presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee.As Davis, her husband and attorney ...

The leader of Iran's legislature has definite views on his country's nuclear deal with world powers. 

Ali Larijani says the agreement is good enough. He adds that United States' reading of that deal, particularly when it comes to sanctions, is not good at all. And he's hoping that the agreement brings change in his country — though not as much as many Iranians would want. 

The lawmaker expressed those views to NPR during a visit to New York. While he is not one of the clerics who hold ultimate power in Iran, he is a consummate insider. He was a top national security official before his election to parliament. His brother leads the judiciary, and the family has important business interests. He is considered a true conservative in his country, and his views open a window into Iran's complex governing elite. 

Larijani supported the negotiations that led to the agreement, which places limits on Iran's nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of global economic sanctions. He called the final terms "acceptable." 

"I believe that we can use this deal as a step we can take to move forward. And at the same time, it is not flawless," he said. 

Indeed, Larijani expects lawmakers in Iran's sometimes contentious assembly to complain. 

Critics In The Iranian Legislature  

The assembly speaker met with NPR at a New York hotel. He was dressed in a suit and no tie, in the style of the Islamic Republic. He's in his 50s, old enough to recall all the years from the 1979 Islamic revolution to this historic moment. 

He has held positions in the revolutionary government since its early years. He now leads a legislature that, like Larijani himself, is considered conservative. He says many lawmakers are skeptical of the deal. 

He pointed to provisions he considered unequal. The U.S., for example, can make sanctions snap back into place if it thinks Iran breaks the deal. 

"But that is not true for us. We cannot return to the situation that we were in the past," he said. 

Larijani sees many of Iran's concessions — like removing the core of a reactor – as permanent. 

His concerns are the opposite of those voiced by American critics. U.S. skeptics worry Iran is temporarily setting back its nuclear program to get out of sanctions forever; Iranians argue they're setting back their program for sanctions relief that may be temporary. 

Larijani's anxiety was evident in our conversation. "If something ... happens in the U.S. Congress, or if there are new types of sanctions on us, then they should not expect us to go — to implement. Or if the Americans don't stay true to their obligations on their part, they shouldn't expect us to do it." 

His remark pointed to one of the sticky points in this agreement. 

It's designed to lift nuclear sanctions against Iran. 

The U.S. says it offers Iran no assurances about sanctions imposed for non-nuclear issues. 

U.S. Says Sanctions Remain An Option  

The United States has insisted it will keep up the pressure against Iran on other issues. 

In an NPR interview in August, President Obama underlined this point:"We'll still have our sanctions in place with respect to non-nuclear activities like sponsorship of terrorism or violation of human rights." 

That matches what Secretary of State John Kerry told NPR shortly after negotiating the deal. He said the U.S. was, "absolutely" free to punish Iran for acts like supporting the militant group Hezbollah. 

So how would Iran respond if the U.S. imposes new sanctions, or reimposes old sanctions, for issues other than nuclear issues? 

Larijani suggested that could lead to trouble. 

"There are different points mentioned in the text that need to be read carefully," he said. "The text said that no country will go after new sanctions." 

If Iran views the other side as violating the deal, "we will respond accordingly." 

The two sides may agree on what the nuclear deal says on paper. But arguments loom over what it really means in practice. 

"I think there are some people who want to wreck the deal, so they are trying to find new ways to make holes or to perforate the deal, but we are not going to do this," Larijani said. But, he added, "if anybody wrecks the deal in any way, then we will know how to respond to it." 

Will Reforms Follow?  

Larijani's answer to one question was particularly revealing, both in what he said and what he did not say. 

This was the question: Is there a specific economic, political, or social reform that is likely to become reality now? After all, Iran's President Hassan Rouhani has indicated that he would like reforms inside Iran to follow a nuclear deal. 

"I think he meant, mostly he meant, economic reforms," Larijani answered. "So, I see very much eye-to-eye with him in this matter," Larijani said. "I think we can make it possible for the economy to thrive." 

He dismissed questions about political or social reforms. He said nothing of easing Iran's constraints on personal freedom, or the media, or the Internet. He argued instead that Iranian society is more free than that of its neighbors. 

Asked if Iran might now free political candidates who've been under house arrest since a disputed election in 2009, Larijani said only that it was up to the justice system. 

Asked if Iran might free several imprisoned Americans, such as the journalist Jason Rezaian , Larijani suggested that the United States should trade Iranian prisoners for them. 

A Way To Move Forward  

Larijani cautioned that the nuclear deal alone might not transform Iran's relations with the West. "Iran and the U.S. have this past history that is very dark," he said. 

Larijani recited the Iranian view of that history. He didn't mention moments on Americans' minds, like the 1979 hostage crisis, or Iran's calls to eliminate Israel, or Iran's past secret nuclear activities. He talked instead of 1953, when the U.S. supported a coup in Iran. In the 1980's the U.S. supported Iran's mortal enemy, Saddam Hussein of Iraq. 

Working through this history, the soft-spoken Iranian gradually became more heated. 

"I'm not saying that we should live in the past, but we should not try to find dramatic solutions," he said, "and if we see that there is a change in the U.S. attitude toward us, then we can do something with each other." 

As translated by his official interpreter, Larijani went on to say: 

"You know, these days we are supposed to paving the ground for the ratification and the implementation of the deal. We have to prepare the public opinion for this, but everyday it seems that your secretary of defense [Ash Carter] wakes up in the morning, opens the window, he shouts something at Iran and says that the military option is still on the table. 

So what does this mean? If you really want to do — to have war, then just go with it. Why are you just talking about it all the time? Why is it that you just talk about it? I mean, does — does it solve anything? Is it of any use?" 

A Farsi speaker employed by NPR heard Larijani's wording slightly differently—he did not literally say "go with it"—but added that the interpreter properly captured Larijani's meaning and tone. 

A provocative question had led to Larijani's outburst: would he like to invite U.S. lawmakers, many of whom disapprove of the nuclear deal, to visit Iran? 

Larijani concluded his long answer by saying, in effect, that this is not possible yet. 

He described the nuclear agreement as a test for the United States — just as the United States has posed the agreement as a test for Iran.

Created: 09/08/2015 4:52 PM WNYT.com
							
							 
By: 
						 
 
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq Stock Market: 
 
NYSE 
 
Meredith Corp., up $4.53 to $50.47 
 
The TV station owner and publisher of Parents magazine is being bought by TV station owner Media General Inc. for $2.4 billion. 
 
The Walt Disney Co., up $3.04 to $104.01 
 
Fans can stream the media company's movies in more places after announcing it signed agreements with Amazon and Microsoft. 
 
Strategic Hotels & Resorts Inc., up 47 cents to $14.07 
 
Private equity firm Blackstone plans to pay nearly $4 billion to buy the real estate investment trust, which focuses on high-end hotels. 
 
General Electric Co., up 96 cents to $24.96 
 
The European Union approved the conglomerate's $14.1 billion takeover of the power and transmission division of French company Alstom. 
 
Tempur Sealy International Inc., up $6.73 to $78.48 
 
Scott Thompson was named CEO, president and chairman of the mattress seller. Thompson was CEO at car rental company Dollar Thrifty. 
 
Nasdaq 
 
Depomed Inc., up 82 cents to $27.48 
 
Rival Horizon Pharma continued its hostile takeover bid for the drug developer by offering to exchange a portion of its stock for the company's shares. 
 
Del Taco Restaurants Inc., $1.56 to $14.58 
 
A Citi analyst gave the taco and burger chain a "Buy" investment rating, saying it has potential to grow its restaurant count. 
 
JD.com Inc., up $1.14 to $23.95 
 
The Chinese online retailer plans to buy back up to $1 billion of its own American depositary shares over the next 24 months. 
 
(

NEW YORK, Sept. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Weleda – pioneers of 100% certified-natural skincare, proudly announces its nationwide partnership with the Whole Kids Foundation.  For the third year, Weleda is teaming up with Whole Foods Market to give back, marking $30K in donations in the past three years to Whole Planet and Whole Kids Foundations. 

Weleda will donate $1 to Whole Kids Foundation (up to $10K) for every Weleda baby care product purchased at Whole Foods Market throughout the month of September, in an effort to support healthier kids and inspire families to teach children how to love fresh, nutritious whole foods. 

To further support the initiative, Whole Foods Market and Weleda will be offering a 30% discount off the entire Weleda Baby & Child Calendula line and the new Baby Derma White Mallow Collection. 

"We're thrilled to enter our third year of partnership with Whole Foods Market," said Jasper Van Brakel, CEO of Weleda North America. "We support Whole Kids Foundation's mission to promote school gardens and provide healthy choices for our children, because for Weleda, healthy choices include skincare products for babies and kids that are not only natural but also made with nourishing ingredients we grow in our own gardens." 

WELEDA – In harmony with nature and the human being 

Weleda has been developing anthroposophic medicines and natural cosmetic products since 1921.  Our products are really beyond "natural" and "organic." They are rooted in a 90 year-old philosophy from which they derive a unique effectiveness based on a profound understanding of nature and the human being. They are the result of a sincere, uncompromising dedication to quality represented by the NATRUE seal, and of a pioneering tradition of economic responsibility and of fairness and respect towards both nature and our various stakeholders, including our employees and our suppliers. Fair trade, active protection of natural resources and biodiversity, and a high level of transparency: these are all a matter of course for us. Every Weleda product on the shelf embodies our unique knowledge, quality and values. They have earned Weleda the trust of consumers around the world. 

About Whole Kids Foundation® 

Whole Kids Foundation is a nonprofit organization established by Whole Foods Market in order to support schools and inspire families to improve children's nutrition and wellness. Whole Kids Foundation is guided by the same values, principles, expertise and standards for quality ingredients, food production methods and nutrition as Whole Foods Market.  Learn more at wholekidsfoundation.org. 

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150910/265593LOGO 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/weleda-announces-partnership-benefiting-whole-kids-foundation-300141413.html 

SOURCE Weleda 

Published Sep. 11, 2015 

Copyright © 2015 SYS-CON Media, Inc. — All Rights Reserved. 

Syndicated stories and blog feeds, all rights reserved by the author.

The Federal Savings Bank encourages all prospective home buyers and mortgage applicants to do the math and see just how much less expensive owning is versus renting.    Past News Releases RSS    
 Chicago, IL (PRWEB)  September 15, 2015  

Lenders like The Federal Savings Bank are always keeping tabs on rental markets across the USA.  Strong rental markets usually also contain strong real estate markets. 
 
The Federal Savings Bank was intrigued by data released in a CNN Money article from August 19th titled “ America's most expensive rental markets ”. 
 
Perhaps surprisingly, 10 out of the 15 markets presented resided in California.  Due to the abundance of tech companies and high salaries, Cali is the most abundantly expensive state to live in terms of rents. 
 
The average percentage of income spent on rent in all 10 California cities was above 40% for: Salinas, San Luis Obispo, San Diego, Santa Rosa, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles, Napa, Santa Cruz, San Francisco, and San Jose.  Above 40% is a very high level.  For Los Angeles, where the median income is $61,482, the average percentage of income spent on rent is 48.9%. Just think of how much money could be saved by owning instead of renting! 
 
Washington D.C. while expensive at a $2,104 per month level of rent, showed the lowest percentage of income spent on rent at just 26.8% thanks to high median incomes of the area at $94,204. 
 
The Federal Savings Bank believes high costing rental markets are places that give an incentive to first-time home buyers the most to purchase a property.  With home prices on the rise and 30-year fixed mortgage rates continuing to trend sub 4%, now is an affordable time to purchase a property. 
 
The Federal Savings Bank encourages all prospective home buyers and mortgage applicants to do the math and see just how much less expensive owning is versus renting.  Frequently, the cost of a mortgage + property taxes + association fees are less than the monthly cost of rent! 
 
Contact the Federal Savings Bank, a veteran owned bank, to learn more about mortgages. 
  
Share article on social media or email

NHS patients to be given option of travelling to Calais for surgical procedures NHS patients in Kent are set to be offered the choice of travelling to Calais for surgical treatments, local health commissioners have confirmed. The Independent

Valley Journal/Times-Herald 

Posted:
						 
						09/08/2015 11:45:28 AM PDT 


Through -- Sept. 12 
Inside and Out: Plein Air and Studio Works -- Noon to 5 p.m. Wednesday through Friday, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday. This exhibit features recent works by seven Bay Area artists who paint together for inspiration and challenge. The pieces are begun outdoors and completed in studio. Open to the public. Donations welcome. Harrington Gallery at the Firehouse Arts Center, 4444 Railroad Ave., Pleasanton. Free. 
Through Sept. 26 
"Journey Stories" -- 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday, closed on Sunday. This is a traveling exhibition from the Smithsonian Institution and from the national Museum on Main Street program featuring tales of how our ancestors came to America, from Native Americans to new citizens. Museum of the San Ramon Valley, 205 Railroad Ave. Danville. Free to members, modest fee for nonmembers. Donations welcome. 925-837-3750 
Through 19 

"Streetcar Named Desire" stage performance -- 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday, 2 p.m. Sunday. Tennessee Williams' renowned drama follows troubled former schoolteacher Blanche DuBois as she leaves small-town Mississippi and moves in with her sister, Stella Kowalski and her husband, Stanley, in New Orleans. Blanche's flirtatious Southern-belle presence causes problems for Stella and Stanley, who already have a volatile relationship, leading to even greater conflict in the Kowalski household. Produced by Role Players Ensemble. Village Theatre, 233 Front St., Danville. Tickets are $28. 925-314-3400. 
Sept. 10 
"Streetcar Named Desire" film screening -- "A Streetcar Named Desire" at 7:30 p.m. Classic 1951 film adaptation of Tennessee Williams play starring Marlon Brando, Vivien Leigh and Kim Hunter. Village Theatre, 233 Front St. in Danville. Tickets are $10. 925-314-3400. 
Sept. 11 
Sept. 11 Memorial -- 10 a.m. The Livermore-Pleasanton Fire Department will host a Sept. 11 memorial event featuring firefighters, police officers, city officials, veterans and members of the public for a 20-minute ceremony to honor and remember those who fell on Sept. 11, 2001, as well as those who fought and died in the war on terrorism. The public is welcomed and encouraged to attend the memorial followed by a reception and fire station open house at 3560 Nevada St. in Pleasanton. 
Sept. 12 
Eugene O'Neill — Evolution of an Artist -- 2 p.m. From Provincetown to Tao House. Eric Fraisher Hayes, the O'Neill Foundation director of artistic programming who has directed or produced nearly 20 O'Neill plays, will provide insights into the life and plays of Eugene O'Neill. Museum of the San Ramon Valley, 233 Front St., Danville. Tickets are $10. 925-314-3400. The Secrets of O'Neill in Danville -- 3:30 p.m. An hourlong tour providing stories about O'Neill and his days in Danville and Tao House. Begins at the Museum of the San Ramon Valley, 233 Front St., Danville and ends up at the O'Neill Commemorative, Front Street near the Danville Library. Free. 925-314-3400. Autos of Alamo -- 4 to 8 p.m. Enjoy a night of live music and great cars, including classics, antiques, hot rods and customs from 1980 and before. Alamo Plaza Shopping Center, Danville Boulevard and Stone Valley Road in Alamo. SAT Practice Test -- 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Teens are welcome to come and prepare for the redesigned 2016 SAT with C2 Education at the Dougherty Station Library, 17017 Bollinger Canyon Road. Registration required. Free. 925-973-2850. What To Do With That Brown Lawn -- 10 a.m. to noon. The City of Pleasanton Water Conservation Division presents local landscape designer Kat Weiss who will discuss sustainable and beautiful alternatives to "Lawnscapes," efficient and easy irrigation system changes and how to sheet mulch. City of Pleasanton Operation Services Center, 3333 Busch Road. Free. To register call 925-931-5504. 
Sept. 12-13 
Family Campout -- 3 p.m. to 10 a.m. Introduce camping to your little ones and still be minutes away from home. Dublin Parks and Community Services Department provides a variety of games and activities to keep everyone active and entertained throughout the evening, including campfires, group games and s'mores! Dinner, breakfast, fun family arts and crafts and activities are all included. Please bring the following: tent, sleeping bags, chairs, flashlights, snacks, clothes and personal items. Please, no pets. Search for Activity Number 38982. Emerald Glen Park, 4201 Central Parkway in Dublin. Cost is $22 per person for residents and $24 per person for nonresidents. Register online at www.dublinrecguide.com or call 925-556-4500. 
Sept. 13 
"Madama Butterfly" Highlights -- 2 p.m. The Livermore Valley Opera's professional singers will perform highlights from their upcoming production of "Madama Butterfly." Livermore Civic Center Library, 1188 S. Livermore Ave. Free. 925-373-5500. National Circus and Acrobats of China -- 2 p.m. The troupe executes stunning feats of physical precision and balance using hoops, poles, balls, ladders and cycles in a magnificent display of visual wonder and excitement. The Bankhead Theater, 2400 First St. in Livermore. Tickets are $69 for general admission, $52 for students and $16 for those 21 and younger. For more information visit www.livermoreperformingarts.org or call 925-373-6800. Rosh Hashana -- 5 to 7:30 p.m. Celebrate Rosh Hashana in a secular humanistic way that is authentic to Jewish culture and your own beliefs. Meet at 5 p. m. for our tashlikh walk to the arroyo; 6 p.m. for a one-hour program of music and readings followed by an apples-and-honey reception. Kids are welcome. We will have our annual food drive, so please bring nonperishable food items to be donated to a local food bank. Bothwell Center, 2466 Eighth St. in Livermore. A suggested donation is $20 per nonmember adult. 
Sept. 14, 21, 28 
Auditions -- The Valley Concert Chorale is scheduling auditions for singers who would like to be a part of the Chorale's 2015-2016 season. The Chorale is seeking experienced singers with sight-reading skills who enjoy singing exciting and challenging music. First Presbyterian Church of Livermore, 2020 Fifth St. in Livermore. To schedule an appointment, call 925-462-4205 or visit www.valleyconcertchorale.org . 
Sept. 17 
Meet the Author -- 7 p.m. Meet Dr. Daniel Siegel, best-selling author of "Brainstorm -- The Power and Purpose of the Teenage Brain." Topics include: popular myths about teenage behavior, why teens are driven to seek out novelty and take more risks, how the brain undergoes rapid changes through the early 20s and why adolescence is a "Golden Age" of innovation and creativity. Dr. Siegel will take questions from the audience. Amador Theater, 1155 Santa Rita Road in Pleasanton. Tickets are $10, and parking is free. For tickets visit www.firehousearts.org or call 925-847-931-4848. 
Sept. 18 
The Blue Sky Riders -- 8 p.m. Three veteran singer-songwriters will come together with a marriage of lyrics, melody and rich vocal harmonies. The Bankhead Theater, 2400 First St., Livermore. Tickets are $62 or $7. For more information visit www.livermoreperformingarts.org or call 925-373-6800. 
Sept. 18, 20 & 24-27 
"Desire Under the Elms" -- By Eugene O'Neill. 8 p.m. nightly, 2 p.m. Sunday matinees. The son of an 1840s New England patriarch lusts after his father's bride. What follows includes incest, adultery and infanticide. Old Barn, Tao House at Eugene O'Neill National Historic Site, accessible only by a shuttle from the Museum of the San Ramon Valley, 205 Railroad Ave., Danville. 925-837-3750. Tickets are $35. 
Sept. 19 
"100 Years of Desire" -- 2 p.m. A lively panel discussion of desire as depicted in literature, cinema and theater over the last century. Old Barn, Tao House, Eugene O'Neill National Historic Site, accessible only by a shuttle from the Museum of the San Ramon Valley, 205 Railroad Ave., Danville. Tickets are $18. 925-837-3750. AAUW Annual Membership Brunch -- 9:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. The Alamo-Walnut Creek Branch of the American Association of University Women invites the public to learn about human trafficking in the Bay Area from guest Speaker Venus Rodriguez, a staff member at Not For Sale, an area nonprofit leading a program called Reinvent. Roundhill Country Club, 3169 Roundhill Road, Alamo. RSVP by Sept. 10 by mailing a check for $28 to D-A-W AAUW, P.O. Box 996, Alamo, CA 94507 or going online at http://daw-ca.aauw.net/2015brunch/ and paying with a credit card. Email Soni Leighton at sonileighton@me.com for more details. Paws & Outlaws Barbecue -- 3 to 6 p.m. Paws In Need will host Paws & Outlaws Barbecue. The festivities include a barbecue with all the fixin's, music, raffles and a no-host bar with beer, wine and nonalcoholic beverages. Proceeds will benefit Paws In Need, which provides the Tri-Valley financial assistance for a spay/neuter program and the Just Like New Fund to care for sick or injured pets. The Olivina, 4555 Arroyo Road in Livermore. Tickets are $35 each, $15 each for kids. For more information contact Lisa Williams at lisawilliams.ca@gmail.com . Splatter -- Noon to 8 p.m. Not your ordinary food, wine and art festival. At the heart of the event is the 15,000-square-foot Tasting Pavilion featuring more than 30 of the finest wineries, microbreweries and restaurants. Also featured are two stages of live entertainment, an Arts and Culinary Marketplace, mobile food trucks, unique and interactive art and a grand finale concert featuring "The Peelers" followed by a spectacular laser light show at 8 p.m. General admission and parking are free. Emerald Glen Park, Tassajara Road and Gleason Drive. Passports can be purchased in advance at the pre-event rate of $30 or on the day of the event for $35. Call 925-833-6645 or visit www.dublinsplatter.com for more information. 
Sept. 20 
Meet the Author -- 2 p.m. Author Daniel J. Levitin will talk about his book "The Organized Mind: Thinking Straight in the Age of Information Overload." Levitin will answer questions and sign copies. This event is free, and copies will be available for sale. Civic Center Library, 1188 S. Livermore Ave. 925-373-5500. 
Sept. 24 
Thursday @ the VT -- 7:30 p.m. South City Blues Band is dedicated to the groove, providing you with a unique blend of swinging jump blues, jazz/funk blues and "old-school" R&B. Village Theatre, 233 Front St. in Danville. Tickets are $15. Call 925-314-346. 
Sept. 26-27 
Great American Artifact & Art Show -- 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday. Contemporary Native American artists will be featured along with collectors selling and displaying various items; Hopi Kachinas, North West Coast totem poles, period Pueblo pottery and pawn jewelry. Alameda County Fairgrounds, 4501 Pleasanton Ave. in Pleasanton. Admission is $8 for adults, $6 for seniors, children get in free. For more information, contact Don Phelps at phelpststp@gmail.com . 
Sept. 27 
Paws in the Park -- 10 a.m. activities begin, 11 a.m. walk starts. The Valley Humane Society presents a charity walk fundraiser and pet friendly festival with vendors, canine demonstrations and contests. Proceeds support the rescue, care and adoption of local dogs and cats who have been abandoned or otherwise made homeless. Registration fees are $25 for individuals, $40 per couple and $10 for youth age 12 and under. Includes a T-shirt and goody bag. Amador Valley Community Park, Black Avenue, Pleasanton. 
Sept. 29 
Open Your Heart Fundraiser -- 6:30 p.m. This fundraiser for Open Heart Kitchen kicks off with a tasting of 15 local Livermore Valley cabernet sauvignons and sauvignon blancs followed by a tri-tip buffet dinner and dessert. Finish the evening off with prize drawings and dancing to the music of Larry and Friends. Open Heart Kitchen feeds the hungry every weekday as an interfaith effort and serves more than 313,000 meals annually. Tickets are $85 per person, and advance tickets are required by visiting mcgrailvineyards.com . For more information call 925-580-6793. 
Oct. 3 
Tinsel and Treasures Folk Art -- 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. The event showcases 35 renowned mixed-media artisans offering a diverse array of one-of-a-kind, original handmade works of art, jewelry, antique artifacts, hard to find vintage supplies, handbags, home décor, folk art, ceramics, children's furnishings and Halloween and Christmas decorations. Downtown Danville, Veterans Memorial Building, 400 Hartz Ave. in Danville. Free. 
Oct. 10 
Farallon Quintet -- 8 p.m. Del Valle Fine Arts presents a dynamic Bay Area ensemble chamber music group focused exclusively on the clarinet quintet -- string quartet plus clarinet -- repertoire. In addition to playing the classics, the quintet seeks to perform rarely heard works, innovative arrangements, and new music by living composers. Bankhead Theater, 2400 First Street, Livermore. Tickets range from $28 to $42. Call 925-373-6800 or visit www.bankheadtheater.org . 
Oct. 11 
Antiques & Collectibles Faire -- 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. More than 400 dealers will sell items 20 years old or older. Shop for clothing, furniture, jewelry, toys, ephemera, home decor and more. Booths will line Main Street in downtown Pleasanton. Free. 
Oct. 17 
Wheels for Meals Ride -- 7 a.m. Registration closes at 11:59 a.m. Oct. 15 or after 1,000 riders register. No on-site day-of-event registration permitted. This charitable ride benefits meal delivery and safety/wellness checks for homebound seniors. Tour the scenic Livermore Valley and then return to a celebration complete with entertainment, a delicious BBQ lunch (with vegetarian options) and family-friendly fun! There are four fully-supported routes: 15 miles, 35 miles, 50 miles and 70 miles. Shadow Cliffs East Bay Regional Park, 2500 Stanley Blvd. in Pleasanton. Adult riders are asked to raise a minimum of $200. For more information visit www.wheelsformealsride.com . 
Oct. 29 
Thursdays @ the VT: Steve Lucky and the Rumba Bums were among the first neo-swing bands to modernize and reinvent the jump swing genre while staying true to their musical roots. They are an amazing band with a swinging horn and rhythm section who can't be beat. Village Theatre, 233 Front St. in Danville. Tickets are $15. Call 925-314-346. 
Nov. 14 
Holiday Craft Boutique -- 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. The Dublin Senior Center boutique will feature new and unique handmade items. Find your "one-of-a-kind" holiday gift. Dublin Senior Center, 7600 Amador Valley Boulevard. Free admission and parking. 925-556-4511. Richard Cionco Piano Concert -- 8 p.m. Pianist Richard Cionco performs a virtuosic and beautiful program and has performed in recital and as a concerto soloist in Europe, Canada and Asia. Bankhead Theater, 2400 First St. in Livermore. Tickets range from $28 to $42. Call 925-373-6800 or visit www.bankheadtheater.org . 
Nov. 14-15 
Goodguys Autumn Get-Together -- 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. both days. Weekend happenings include more than 2,500 American-made and/or powered rods, customs, classics, muscle cars and trucks of all years; Veterans Day celebrations; a swap meet; a model and pedal car show; and free kids' entertainment. Alameda County Fairgrounds, 4501 Pleasanton Ave. in Pleasanton. Tickets are $20/$17 online, general admission; $6 for kids 7 to 12, and children 6 and younger get in free. Parking is $10. Discount tickets online are at www.good-guys.com/2015-events . 
Nov. 15 
Holiday Fantasy Benefit Luncheon & Fashion Show -- 11:30 a.m. social time, 1 p.m. lunch, 2 p.m. fashion show. The GFWC Dublin/San Ramon Women's Club will present a benefit luncheon and fashion show for the Sentinels of Freedom to support our wounded and injured members of the U.S. Armed Forces and the Bay Area Crisis Nursery established to help prevent child abuse and child neglect. San Ramon Marriott Hotel at Bishop Ranch 2600 Bishop Drive, San Ramon. Reservations are $65 per person (parking included) and must be made before Oct. 15. For additional information please call Claire Salsman at 925-361-0692 or Sheryn McKenna at 925-829-

High Speed Downloads Air Waves - Parting Glances (2015) [Full Version] 8946 downloads at 7 mb/s Air Waves - Parting Glances (2015) [All MP3] 9672 downloads at 11 mb/s Air Waves - Parting Glances (2015) Today, 21:58 Music | Indie | FLAC / APE Artist: Air Waves
Title Of Album: Parting Glances
Year Of Release: 2015
Label: Western Vinyl
Genre: Indie, Female Vocal
Quality: 320 / FLAC
Total Time: 37:21 min
Total Size: 101 / 254 MB
WebSite: Album Preview
Tracklist:
1. Horse Race (3:02)
2. Calm (2:30)
3. Lines (3:38)
4. Fantasy (3:44)
5. Frank (2:51)
6. Milky Way (3:46)
7. Touch of Light (2:09)
8. Thunder (4:52)
9. Sweet Talk (2:09)
10. Older (3:15)
11. 1000 Degrees (2:46)
12. Tik Tok (2:39)
In 2010 Nicole Schneit aka Air Waves released Dungeon Dots, an album Aquarius Records called "…pretty much perfect pop music." For her new album Parting Glances, Schneit enlisted friends from Brooklyn's music community to contribute to the record, including members of Woods, Crystal Stilts, Ava Luna, and Hospitality. Additionally, Jana Hunter of Lower Dens contributes vocals to two songs. The album's title comes from the 1986 film Parting Glances in which Steve Buscemi portrays a gay man navigating the difficulties of being in a relationship in Reagan-era New York. More than just identifying with the story, Schneit is interested in the in the lasting effect of the parting glances we share with strangers in our everyday encounters. She explains "You see all sorts of physical and emotional traits on the train. From people puking, making out, screaming, crying, laughing, dancing, grooming, etc. We encounter each other in the thick of our complex lives by simply looking at each other all the time. These glances are mundane and fleeting but also powerfully intimate." The lingering impact of those brief moments seeps into the details and imagery she delivers with energizing hooks and a disarming lack of pretense on Parting Glances.
TURBOBIT
or
HITFILE
or
NITROFLARE
Air Waves - Parting Glances (2015) - High Speed Download00 voted Torrents search, please waitYou may also like: Steve Kuhn : Life’s Backward Glances–Solo and Quartet (2008)  FlacNightnoise - The Parting Tide (1990)Bad Habits - Parting Words [EP] (2013)Steve Khan - Parting Shot (2011) 320kbpsAt Daybreak - A Boxed Diorama Of The Parting Seas [EP](2010)Steve Kuhn - Life's Backward Glances (2008) InformationWould you like to leave your comment? Please Login to your account to leave comments. Don't have an account? You can create a free account now.IsraBox » Music » Air Waves - Parting Glances (2015) Loading...

DO YOU ever find that just when you're about to arrive at the end of your tether, something or someone pops up and manages to reassure you that people are good. 
 
Whether you are debating or merely observing a debate about religion or politics, these two topics have to be the most draining. 
 
It was a bit like that this week reading the social media spew following the Liberal Party spill. 
 
Going by the letters to the editor and the online commentary, the issue of Syrian refugees is a topic that like no other manages to nullify empathy and decency. Reading some of the bile that people write can be truly depressing. 
 
Then we have our own Sunshine Coast councillors squabbling about overtime fees passed on to funeral directors by the council should families grieve too long by their loved ones' graveside. 
 
"It's user pays. The funeral director doesn't have to pass it on," half of the councillors tried to defensively spout. 
 
I have to ask myself, at what point in life do you stop hearing what you are actually saying? 
 
Do they know what they sound like? 
 
Thankfully, my faith was restored, first when a majority of councillors voted to waive two funeral overtime fees, and, more importantly, when a local man phoned the paper during the week after reading the story of a local Lyme disease sufferer in need of a new wheelchair. 
 
"I'll pay for it, but I don't want anyone to know it was me," the man said. 
 
That was it. No agenda, no big-noting himself, just a thoroughly decent man doing decent things. 
 
If only more people would think about what they give out.

Participation at the event includes moderating a thought leadership panel on DCIM implementations and ROI, speaking on the role of data center analytics in DCIM tools, and demoing the latest Cormant-CS 8 features in booth #423.

San Luis Obispo, CA, USA (PRWEB) September 17, 2015 

Cormant, Inc., a data center infrastructure management (DCIM) pure-play expert, today announced its deep involvement in the Fall Data Center World, September 20 – 23. Cormant was selected to lead two vendor-neutral topics on DCIM and will also provide in-booth demonstrations of their newly released version, Cormant-CS 8. 

“I’m honored to have been selected to lead a DCIM leadership panel at Data Center World for the third time in a row,” said Paul Goodison, Cormant CEO. “Attendees can expect to hear in-depth questions offering first-hand experience with DCIM.”

The DCIM panel, moderated by Cormant CEO, Paul Goodison, includes hand-selected panelists to provide expertise from differing DCIM approaches. Panelists include two consultants with a diverse history implementing varying DCIM solutions, an end user with DCIM experience from an IT service management (ITSM) perspective, and a DCIM vendor with significant experience educating end users. Attendees are invited to attend the panel on Sunday, September 20th from 3:30 PM to 5:40 PM EDT.

To educate users on the dynamic topic of data center analytics in DCIM tools, Cormant Senior Technical Consultant, Brad Beamish, speaks on Monday from 9:10 AM to 10:10 AM EDT. Numerous real-world examples will be shared with users to amplify learning during this educational session.

“Analytics are a driver of improvements,” explained Brad Beamish, Cormant Senior Technical Consultant. “Anyone looking to reduce data center downtime and costs should have a solid understanding of their current situation, where they strive to be, and how analytics can help them get there.”

Cormant is also demonstrating their latest product enhancements as seen in the recently released Cormant-CS 8. A preview of Alerts was shown at Data Center World Las Vegas in April, but users at this event will see the completely remodeled console view with enhanced navigability, new integrations, and the HTML 5 responsive interface in addition to Alerts and advanced analytics. 

For a Cormant-CS 8 demo, visit Data Center World Booth #423 or contact Sales at +1 805 747 4178 or sales(at)cormant(dot)biz.

About Cormant, Inc. 

Cormant has been an expert at IT infrastructure management software for the data center (DCIM) and beyond since 2001. Boasting a 94% customer retention rate, Cormant’s solutions are sold globally with customers and partners on six continents encompassing all industries. Cormant is focused on working with customers to improve their management, control and reporting processes by delivering Cormant-CS, a DCIM solution that provides a single-pane-of-glass view to where the physical and logical layers of IT infrastructure meet. Learn more on how Cormant keeps business personal at http://www.cormant.com and connect with us on LinkedIn.

For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2015/09/prweb12966043.htm

With his home run in the third inning Saturday, Joc Pederson climbed the franchise leaderboard for most home runs by a rookie: 

Mike Piazza	1993	35 Joc Pederson	2015	25 Del Bissonette	1928	25 
    
PHOENIX >> Corey Seager’s torrid start isn’t enough to guarantee the rookie shortstop a spot in the Dodgers’ starting lineup once Jimmy Rollins returns. Rollins has been unable to hit or play the field in five games this week because of a tender right index finger. 

Meanwhile Seager is batting .448 with an on-base percentage of.568 through his first nine major league games. He went 4 for 4 with a home run and stole a base in the Dodgers’ win Saturday. He’s reached base in all nine of his plate appearances the last two days. 
  
Once Rollins returns, however, Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said the plan for Seager “always has been to play him some at short and give Jimmy days, give (Justin Turner) days at third. He’s played more than we thought from the standpoint of injuries and he’s done a good job. 

While he’s been praised for his defense and leadership, Rollins also ranks last among qualified National League shortstops in batting average (.220) and on-base percentage (.279). 

The 36-year-old is available to pinch run, but hasn’t been cleared to bat or play the field. Mattingly said there’s no timetable for Rollins to return. 
  
Seager, meanwhile, continues to impress. His home run was the second-hardest hit by a Dodger this season at 110 mph. 

“He just doesn’t make me nervous,” Mattingly said. “He’s got that (Adrian Gonzalez) heartbeat. It’s slow. He’ll live to be 108, I bet.” 

Mattingly has shunned any questions about potential playoff roster scenarios so far. But with the Dodgers’ magic number to clinch the division nearing single digits (14), the battle for the final NLDS roster spots will soon be a main focal point of the season. 
  
Even if he doesn’t supplant Rollins as the starting shortstop this season, Seager could still make an impact as a reserve. 

“He’s going to be really good,” Mattingly said, “and he is really good.” 
Puig not in the house 
Why isn’t Yasiel Puig at Chase Field? 

Good question. 

“I expected him to be here, honestly,” Mattingly said. 

Puig is rehabbing a strained right hamstring at Camelback Ranch in nearby Glendale. He hasn’t played since Aug. 27. While the team hasn’t reported any setbacks in Puig’s rehab, “he’s not working out on the field; he’s working out in water and the Alter-G.” 
 
 
  
As baseball activities go, Puig isn’t doing any less than pitcher Brandon McCarthy, for one, who’s out for the season following Tommy John surgery on his right elbow. But McCarthy is with his teammates in the clubhouse and the dugout during games. 

Puig, who’s rehabbing a half-hour away, is not. 

“Everybody’s invited,” Mattingly said. “All I’m saying is he’s welcome.” 

Mattingly said that Puig will return to Los Angeles with the team when it flies home tomorrow night. 
Also 
Kiké Hernandez (strained left hamstring) ran on the field prior to the game. … Howie Kendrick (strained left hamstring) will get 10 at-bats Monday and Tuesday at Dodger Stadium in live batting practice. He is still unable to run at full speed, though “his time was pretty good, faster than the day before,” according to Mattingly. … Condolences to the family of Dodger Stadium chef Dave Pearson, who died at age 75. He had been battling lung cancer.

Virgin America, the low-fare, upscale airline today teams up with Uber to launch some Texas-sized deals for Dallas flyers - including a free Uber ride (up to $20)* with the purchase of any flight departing from Dallas Love Field (DAL) and a 'Friday Night Flights' series that allows local travelers to score the ultimate, on-demand weekend getaway through the Uber app** in partnership with Rocketmiles and ScoreBig(TM). Virgin America is also launching a Dallas Love Field fare sale this week, with tickets to Austin starting from $67 and tickets to Los Angeles starting from $99 (must be purchased by 11.59pm PT, September 10, 2015, restrictions apply)***. Travelers can grab these fares and a ride at virginamerica.com or by calling 1.877.FLY.VIRGIN (1.877.359.8474) ****. 

"With our stylish, low-fare flights departing daily from downtown Dallas to New York, Washington D.C., Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Austin, we're excited to offer even more perks and great deals to Dallas flyers," said Luanne Calvert, Chief Marketing Officer at Virgin America. "We're looking forward to kicking off 'Friday Night Flights' with a series of on-demand music-packed weekend getaways. And because we know time is of the essence, particularly for our business travelers looking to skip the parking lot, we're partnering with Uber to make getting to the airport located closest to downtown even more convenient and rewarding for our Elevate members." 

More about the promotions: 

Free Rides to Dallas Love Field: 

With its modern, convenient location, Dallas Love Field has become an increasingly popular airport for local travelers - and Virgin America has teamed up with Uber to encourage flyers to grab a ride, rather than park at DAL this fall. Through the partnership, Uber is offering free rides (up to $20) to and from the airport to the airline's new or existing Elevate frequent flyer members with the purchase of any flight originating from DAL booked through October 12, 2015, while supplies last. Further, travelers who are new Uber users will also score an additional $20 ride* for a future ride. To find out more and view Virgin America's lowest Dallas Love Field fares, visit: https://www.virginamerica.com/cms/promos/9-9-15-dal-uber-ride 

Friday Night Flights: 

Starting this week, every Thursday afternoon through October 8, 2015, Uber users can request the 'Friday Night Flights' option through the Uber app for a chance to a win a mood-lit flight from DAL to Washington D.C., New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco or Austin. The 'Friday Night Flights' package for two includes a roundtrip Main Cabin flight on Virgin America, a round trip Uber ride, a two night stay at a four-star property provided by Rocketmiles, and concert tickets provided by ScoreBig to the hottest shows in each DAL destination city - from the Foo Fighters in Los Angeles, to Jason Aldean in Washington D.C. to an exclusive pass to Austin City Limits. 

How to score a 'Friday Night Flights' getaway: 

-- Enter the promo code VXDALFNF into the Uber app. 

-- Each Thursday at 3 p.m., open the Uber app and request the 'Friday Night Lights' option. 

-- The first users who request will be on their way to the weekend getaway that departs the next day. The winners will be provided with a full itinerary in partnership with Virgin America, Uber, Rocketmiles and ScoreBig. 

The 'Friday Night Lights' entertainment line-up includes: 

-- Weekend 1 - Washington DC (Sept 11-13) - Jason Aldean (9/12) 

-- Weekend 2 - Los Angeles (Sept 18-20) - Foo Fighters (9/19) 

-- Weekend 3 - San Francisco (Sept 25-27) - AC/DC (9/25) 

-- Weekend 4 - New York City (Oct 2-4) - Zedd (10/2) 

-- Weekend 5 - Austin (Oct 9-11) - Austin City Limits (provided by Uber) 

Virgin America offers its guests sleek, tech-forward aircraft cabins with custom-designed seating, fleetwide WiFi, signature moodlighting, power outlets near every seat and the unparalleled Red® in-flight entertainment system. In addition to a Main Cabin that offers custom-designed leather seating with a deeper, more comfortable pitch, Virgin America's First Class cabin offers plush white leather 'cradle sleeper' seating with 55 inches of pitch, 165 degrees of recline and lumbar massagers. The carrier's Main Cabin Select service offers 38 inches of pitch, free food and cocktails, an all-access pass to media content, dedicated overhead bins and priority check-in and boarding. The Red in-flight entertainment platform offers guests their own seatback touch-screen TV, with more 25 films, live TV, interactive Google Maps, videogames, a 3,000 song library and an on-demand menu, which allows flyers to order a cocktail or snack from their seatback any time during a flight. 

Virgin America also offers DAL travelers a check-in lounge that mirrors the sleek look and feel of the carrier's aircraft cabins and is the only dedicated VIP check-in area of its kind at Love Field. The check-in lounge offers First Class guests and Elevate Gold members an upgraded experience from the moment they arrive at the airport's convenient downtown location - complete with a dedicated Virgin America VIP concierge to assist with their travel needs. 

Virgin America launched its service at the new Dallas Love Field airport in October last year with a "Downtown Express" flight - marking the last service from DFW and the first to touch down at DAL. The airline teamed up with Uber at launch to offer guests free Uber rides with ticket purchase and a surprise, on-demand flight pick-up via the Uber app to beat the cross-town traffic between DFW and DAL. In true Virgin fashion, the "Downtown Express" flight was a party with a performance in-flight by Grammy-award winning country star, Kacey Musgraves. 

Since its 2007 launch, Virgin America has created more than 2,800 new jobs and expanded its network to include Austin, Boston, Cancun, Chicago, Dallas Love Field, Fort Lauderdale, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Los Cabos, Newark, New York (JFK), LaGuardia Airport (LGA), Orlando, Palm Springs (seasonal), Portland, Puerto Vallarta, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle, Washington D.C. (IAD and DCA), Honolulu (as of November 2, 2015) and Kahului, Maui (as of December 3, 2015). 

Photos of Virgin America's unique aircraft and broadcast quality b-roll can be found at: https://www.virginamerica.com/cms/about-our-airline/photos.html. 

About Virgin America: Known for its mood-lit cabins, three beautifully designed classes of service and innovative fleetwide amenities -- like touch-screen personal entertainment, WiFi and power outlets at every seat, Virgin America has built a loyal following of flyers and earned a host of awards since launching in 2007 -- including being named both the "Best U.S. Airline" in Conde Nast Traveler's Readers' Choice Awards for the past seven consecutive years and "Best Domestic Airline" in Travel + Leisure's World's Best Awards for the past eight consecutive years. For more: www.virginamerica.com 

About Uber: Uber is a technology platform that is revolutionizing the way people connect with their cities around the world - and creating tremendous economic opportunity for transportation providers. By connecting users with a safe, reliable and seamless ride, and with unprecedented accountability and transparency built into the system, Uber has transformed the way users think about their transportation options. 

About Rocketmiles: Rocketmiles is a hotel-booking website and app that awards travelers with thousands of miles or points per night, every stay. Giving people the opportunity to book at properties around the globe, Rocketmiles makes saving up for incredible vacations faster and easier. For more information, visit www.rocketmiles.com and follow on Twitter @rocketmiles. 

About ScoreBig: ScoreBig, www.scorebig.com, is a live event ticket marketplace that allows consumers to save on millions of tickets to over 6,000 premium live events. At ScoreBig.com, consumers can choose to Name a Ticket Price and save up to 60% off box office prices. ScoreBig also provides, in partnership with its loyalty program partners, a platform that allows consumers to earn thousands of loyalty rewards points when purchasing live entertainment tickets and in many cases, the ability to redeem points for those same tickets. See more at: http://blog.scorebig.com 

*Uber Offer: The first 10,000 Elevate members to book an originating DAL flight by September 10, will be emailed a unique promo code good for up to $20 off (1) ride that either begins or ends in the Dallas Love Field Airport, between 9/29/15 - 3/2/16. Discount will automatically apply to the first airport trip after the code has been applied to user's account. Redeemable (1) code per person. Please allow 7-14 business days to receive your unique promo code. Uber users are invited to signup for their account today at https://get.uber.com/go/vxdal15 

VXDAL15 code provides new users who have not yet signed up, taken a first ride or have an existing promotional code on their account, up to an additional $20 off their first trip with Uber. 

The promotional code is good for 1 ride per user and can be used in any available vehicle type and is valid throughout the US. Both promo codes can be redeemed for a single ride as long as the new user code is used first. 

**Flight Night Flights Official Rules: Click here. 

***DAL Fare Sale Terms and Conditions: Tickets must be purchased by 11:59pm CT on Thursday, September 10, 2015. Main Cabin fares are one-way and require a 21-day advance purchase. Travel must occur between September 29, 2015 and March 2, 2016. Lowest sale fares are available only on certain itineraries. Lowest sale fares are only valid for travel on Tuesday, Wednesday and Saturday. Blackout dates include: 9/7/15, 10/9/15, 10/12/15, 11/6/15, 11/9/15, 11/20/15 - 11/30/15, 12/18/15 - 12/31/15, 1/1/16 - 1/4/16, 1/15/16, 1/18/16, 2/12/16, and 2/15/16. Seats are limited, subject to availability, and may not be available on all flights. Flights may not operate daily. Tickets are non-refundable and non-transferable. For travel solely between points in the Continental Western Region (LAS/LAX/PDX/PSP/PVR/SAN/SEA/SFO/SJD only) and AUS-DAL, changes or cancellations can be made for a $100 fee per guest through all channels, plus any increase in fare, if applicable. For all other itineraries, changes or cancellations can be made for a $150 fee per guest through all channels, plus any increase in fare, if applicable. Any remaining balance will be placed in a guest's travel bank, good for travel on Virgin America for one year from date of issue. Changes or cancellations of a booking made with Elevate Points will be subject to a $100 redeposit fee per guest. Guests who no-show without a change or cancellation prior to the scheduled departure time will forfeit the amount of this fare. In addition, any future flights booked in the same reservation will also be canceled and the fare will be forfeited. Tickets purchased from Virgin America through our reservation call center will cost an additional $20 per guest per itinerary. Any added cost associated with purchasing tickets from Virgin America through our reservation call center will be non-refundable. Fares will not be honored retroactively or in exchange for any wholly or partially used ticket. Fares, routes, fees and schedules are subject to change without notice. Virgin America will accept up to ten pieces of checked baggage, up to 50 pounds each, per ticketed guest traveling within the U.S. The fee for each piece of checked baggage up to 50 pounds is $25. Additional fees apply to baggage exceeding these weight limitations, and other baggage restrictions may apply. 

****Any guest calling within the United States has access to a complimentary telecommunication relay service by dialing 711. For more information, go to: http://www.nidcd.nih.gov/health/hearing/telecomm.asp 

http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnvar/20090123/VIRGINAMERICALOGO 

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20090123/VIRGINAMERICALOGO 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/virgin-america-offers-free-uber-rides-with-every-dallas-love-field-flight-and-brings-friday-night-flights-to-the-big-d-300139689.html 

SOURCE Virgin America 

http://rt.prnewswire.com/rt.gif?NewsItemId=AQ96870&Transmission_Id=201509090930PR_NEWS_USPR_____AQ96870&DateId=2015

,  6:21 PM ET) -- Construction vehicle company Caterpillar is still on the hook for $4.5 million in damages after the Washington State Court of Appeals affirmed a jury verdict in favor of the wife of a construction worker who sued the company and others on claims stemming from her husband’s death due to asbestos exposure. 
The three-judge panel affirmed the judgment on product liability, failure to warn and negligence claims, finding that Betty Estenson and her husband Edwin, before he died of mesothelioma in February 2012, had presented sufficient evidence...

A Hilo man was scheduled for a preliminary hearing on Thursday to face charges related to the theft of government vehicles and ukulele, according to Big Island police. 
 
On the afternoon of Sept. 9, the State Department of Agriculture reported that a white Dodge Dakota pickup truck had been stolen from state property on Lanikaula Street in Hilo and that the truck had rammed a chain link fence to exit the property. 

Later that evening, 26-year-old Blue Kela of Hilo was observed next to the open driver door of a truck matching the description of the state vehicle. The truck had fraudulent license plates and visible marks that logos had been removed from the front doors. Police confirmed that the truck was the one belonging to the state and arrested Kela on suspicion of first-degree theft. He was taken to the Hilo police cellblock while the Area I Criminal Investigations Section continued the investigation. 

Investigation revealed that Kela was also responsible for stealing two Jeep Cherokees belonging to the County of Hawai'i in August from parking lots on Aupuni Street. 

Investigation also revealed that Kela was responsible for stealing six ukulele from a Downtown Hilo store after damaging a door and breaking into the building on July 31. 

At 4:30 p.m. last Friday, he was charged with first-degree theft, second-degree theft, second-degree burglary, unauthorized entry of a motor vehicle, fraudulent use of license plates, two counts of criminal property damage and two counts of unauthorized control of a propelled vehicle. His bail was set at $53,000. His initial court appearance was Tuesday. 

His preliminary hearing was scheduled for Thursday afternoon in Hilo District Court.

Glenn Fast has filed suit against the city of Harrison, city officials and AirEvac asking a judge to void the building permit for AirEvac’s heliport currently under construction adjacent to Fast’s Tower Manor property on Main Street. 
     Subscription Required  
 An online service is needed to view this article in its entirety.  You need an online service to view this article in its entirety.  
  Login    
Or, use your linked account: 
     Choose an online service.   
 Need an account? Create one now.  
   You must login to view the full content on this page.    
Or, use your linked account: 
   kAm%96 4:EJ[ |2J@C s2? $96CC6==[ 4:EJ 2EE@C?6J '2? *@F?6D[ !F3=:4 (@C 6>36CD @7 E96 !=2??:?8 r@>>:DD:@? 2?5 p:CtG24 2C6 2== =:DE65 2D 5676?52?ED :? E96 DF:E 7:=65 |@?52J >@C?:?8]k^Am  kAm%96 !=2??:?8 r@>>:DD:@? E6?E2E:G6=J 2AAC@G65 E96 AC@;64E :? yF?6 4@?E:?86?E @? p:CtG24 >66E:?8 4@?5:E:@?D 7@C D276EJ 2?5 A6C>:EE:?8 7C@> E96 DE2E6 2?5 E96 upp]k^Am  kAm%96 4@>>:DD:@? 56?:65 u2DE’D C6BF6DE :? pF8FDE E@ C6D4:?5 E96 3F:=5:?8 A6C>:E 3642FD6 E96 b_\52J A6C:@5 E@ 7:=6 2? 2AA62= @7 :ED 564:D:@? 925 4=@D65]k^Am  kAm%96 r:EJ r@F?4:= :? pF8FDE 564=:?65 E@ 962C u2DE’D 2AA62= @7 E96 3F:=5:?8 A6C>:E[ H9:49 =65 E@ E96 =2HDF:E]k^Am  kAm%96 =2HDF:E 2==686D E92E E96 A=2?D E96 4@>>:DD:@? 2AAC@G65 :? yF?6 :?4=F565 2 D276EJ K@?6 7@C E96 96=:A@CE E92E 6?4C@24965 @? u2DE’D AC@A6CEJ[ 3FE ?@ AF3=:4 962C:?8 H2D 96=5 @? E96 6?4C@249>6?E]k^Am  kAmxE 2=D@ DE2E6D E92E 7:?2= A=2?D H6C6 C6G:D65 2E =62DE E9C66 E:>6D 367@C6 E96 3F:=5:?8 A6C>:E H2D 24EF2==J :DDF65 2?5 E96 4@>>:DD:@? ?6G6C C6G:6H65 E9@D6 492?86D]k^Am  kAm$96CC6== 2?5 !9:==:AD “F?:=2E6C2==J 2?5 @FED:56 E96 D4@A6 @7 E96:C 5FE:6D 2?5 2FE9@C:E:6D” 564:565 @? pF8] `g E92E p:CtG24 925 >6E 4@?5:E:@?D 2?5 C6BF:C6>6?ED D6E 7@CE9 3J E96 4@>>:DD:@? 2?5 :?DECF4E65 4@56 6?7@C46>6?E @77:46C y6C6>J y@9?D@? E@ :DDF6 E96 3F:=5:?8 A6C>:E[ E96 DF:E D2:5]k^Am  kAm%96 AC@A6CEJ @? H9:49 E96 96=:A@CE :D 36:?8 3F:=E :D =62D65 E@ p:CtG24 3J }@CE9 pC<2?D2D #68:@?2= |65:42= r6?E6C] %96 AC@A6CEJ :D K@?65 9:89H2J 4@>>6C4:2=[ @C r\b]k^Am  kAm%96 !=2??:?8 r@>>:DD:@? 2AAC@G65 E96 96=:A@CE 2D 2? 2>3F=2?46 D6CG:46[ H9:49 :D 2==@H23=6 :? 2 r\b K@?6[ 3FE E96 DF:E 4=2:>D E96 2AAC@G2= H2D 2? 2=E6C2E:@? @7 4FCC6?E 4:EJ 4@56 7@C K@?:?8 C6BF:C6>6?ED 2?5 2 AF3=:4 962C:?8 D9@F=5 92G6 366? 96=5]k^Am  kAm%96 DF:E D2JD pC<2?D2D r@56 5@6D?’E 2==@H FD6D 7@C 2 AC@A6CEJ E92E H@F=5 DF3;64E 25;246?E AC@A6CEJ @H?6CD E@ 255:E:@?2= ?@:D6[ @5@C[ 5FDE[ G:3C2E:@?[ 6E4][ 3FE E96 96=:A@CE 4@?DE:EFE6D DF49 4:C4F>DE2?46D H9:=6 :? @A6C2E:@?]k^Am  kAm%96 96=:A@CE H@F=5 25G6CD6=J 2?5 ?682E:G6=J 27764E 2AAC@I:>2E6=J bd C6D:56?ED @7 %@H6C |2?@C 2?5 `g AC@76DD:@?2= D6CG:46D @A6C2E:?8 H:E9:? `__ J2C5D @7 E96 96=:A@CE D:E6[ E96 DF:E D2:5]k^Am  kAmqJ 2AAC@G:?8 E96 96=:A@CE 4@?DECF4E:@?[ E96 4:EJ 2?5 A=2??:?8 4@>>:DD:@? 56?:65 u2DE’D C:89E E@ 5F6 AC@46DD[ E96 DF:E D2:5] xE 2D :E 36 564=2C65 G@:5 2?5 4@?DECF4E:@? DE@AA65 F?E:= E96 4:EJ 2?5 !=2??:?8 r@>>:DD:@?[ :?4=F5:?8 2 AF3=:4 962C:?8 @? 8C2?E:?8 H92E 2>@F?ED E@ 2 K@?:?8 G2C:2?46]k^Am  kAm%96 DF:E 2=D@ 2D :89E 36 AC@G6? :? 4@FCE]k^Am         
 Thank you for reading 10 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 10 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 870-741-2325.  You need an online service to view this article in its entirety.  
  Login    
Or, use your linked account: 
     Choose an online service.   
 Need an account? Create one now.

Facebook may finally be getting a button that lets you quickly express something beyond a "like." 

Founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg said Tuesday that people have been asking for a "dislike" button on the social media site for years. 

Speaking at an event at Facebook's Menlo Park, California, headquarters that was streamed live online, Zuckerberg acknowledged that "like" isn't always appropriate for some posts — about a tragic news event, for example — when people might want to express empathy. 

Zuckerberg said the company, however, has veered away from making a "dislike" button, which could be used to vote down other people's posts. He said the new button is ready to be tested soon and could be rolled out broadly depending on how it does. 
 
___ 

Online: 

Highlights of Zuckerberg's Q&A: http://bit.ly/1W1dCam

  Tags:     News: Software      |      AEX:WKL              This was published: 17 Sep 2015 - 06:27 pm 
    &nbsp Tweet           
    &nbsp   
 
An early glimpse at the income tax picture for 2016 is now available 
      from Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting US. The new information includes 
      estimated ranges for each 2016 tax bracket as well as projections for a 
      growing number of inflation-sensitive tax figures, such as the personal 
      exemption and the standard deduction. Projections are based on the 
      relevant inflation data recently released by the U.S. Department of 
      Labor. 
  
 Inflation Adjustments - Background  
 
Since the late 1980s, the U.S. Tax Code has required that federal income 
      tax brackets be adjusted for inflation annually, and inflation 
      adjustments have been inserted into the Internal Revenue Code in recent 
      years with increasing frequency. For example, the Code now requires over 
      50 other inflation-driven computations to determine deduction, exemption 
      and exclusion amounts in addition to the 40 separate computations needed 
      to inflation-adjust the tax bracket tables each year. 
 
 Media Assistance  
 
Expert analysis plus additional details regarding the following 
      projections and tax topics are available for media members interested in 
      speaking with federal tax experts at Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting US. 
      For interview requests, please contact Laura Gingiss ( laura.gingiss@wolterskluwer.com ), 
      847-267-2213 or Eric Scott ( eric.scott@wolterskluwer.com ), 
      847-267-2179. 
 
 Key Tax Savings, Non-increase Estimates for 2016 : 
 
Projections based on the Department of Labor's inflation figures for the 
      12-month period between August 31, 2014, and August 31, 2015 suggest 
      most taxpayers will experience modest savings, compared to 2015 tax 
      filings. For example: 
 Because of the income ranges bracketing the marginal tax rates have 
        increased, a single filer with taxable income of $50,000 should owe 
        $22.50 less next year due to the adjustments to the income tax rate 
        brackets between 2015 and 2016.  A married couple filing jointly with a total taxable income of 
        $100,000 should pay $45 less income taxes in 2016 than they will on 
        the same income for 2015 because of indexing of their tax bracket for 
        2016.  The dependent standard deduction, used on the returns of individuals 
        claimed as dependents on another taxpayer's tax return, remains at 
        $1,050 for 2016.  The additional standard deduction for those 65-years-old and older or 
        who are blind will remain at $1,250 for 2016, as will the $1,550 
        additional amount for single aged 65 or older or blind filers.  
 Inflation-adjusted Tax Increase Estimates for 2016:  
 The personal exemption amount gets bumped up by inflation by $50, to 
        $4,050 for 2016, up from $4,000 in 2015.  The standard deduction for single, married filing jointly, and married 
        filing separately filers is expected to remain the same for 2016. The 
        standard deduction for heads of household is expected to rise from 
        $9,250 for 2015 to $9,300 for 2016. Any increase in the standard 
        deduction, of course, can produce lower taxes by decreasing the 
        taxpayer's taxable income.  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting US projects the following for 2016 
        alternative minimum tax (AMT) exemptions: For married joint filers and surviving spouses, the exemption will 
            be adjusted upward to $83,800, up from $83,400 for 2015.  For unmarried single filers and heads of households, the 2016 
            exemption will be $53,900, up from $53,600 for 2015.  For married single filers, the exemption will increase to $41,900, 
            up from $41,700 in 2015.   The 2016 year represents the third year that the 39.6-percent tax 
        bracket for higher-income taxpayers, enacted by the American Taxpayer 
        Relief Act of 2012 (ATRA), will be imposed. For 2016, Wolters Kluwer 
        projects that the minimum income amounts at which this top tax rate 
        will kick in will rise to: $466,950 (from $464,850) for married joint filers  $441,000 (from $439,000) for heads of households  $415,050 (from $413,200) for unmarried filers  $233,475 (from $232,425) for married separate filers  These inflation-adjusted amounts also trigger a 20-percent tax on 
            that portion of taxable income attributable to net capital gains 
            and qualified dividends that exceed these bracket amounts.   The estate and gift tax applicable exemption was first set at a $5 
        million level back in 2011. The amount has been adjusted for inflation 
        by Congress and is now projected at $5,450,000 for 2016. A spousal 
        portability election can now effectively protect double that amount 
        against estate and gift tax ($10,900,000 for 2016).  The 2016 foreign earned income exclusion will increase to $101,300 for 
        2016, up from $100,800 for 2015.  The income phaseout range for married joint filers making Roth IRA 
        contributions will be $184,000 to $194,000 for 2016, an increase from 
        $183,000 and $193,000 for 2015.  
 Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting US 2016 Tax 
      Projections *  
 
As cited earlier, Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting US projections for 
      indexed amounts are based on the relevant inflation data released by the 
      U.S. Department of Labor. The IRS usually releases official numbers by 
      December each year. 
 
Tax bracket projections are provided for illustrative purposes only, and 
      should not be used for income tax returns or other federal income tax 
      related purposes until confirmed by the IRS later this year. 
 
 Married Filing Jointly (& Surviving Spouse)  
 Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â    
 Tax Rate  
  Â   Â    2016 Taxable Income   Â   Â    2015 Taxable Income   10%  Â   Â   $0 â€“ $18,550  Â   Â   $0 â€“ $18,450  15%  Â   Â   $18,551 â€“ $75,300  Â   Â   $18,451 â€“ $74,900  25%  Â   Â   $75,301 â€“ $151,900  Â   Â   $74,901 â€“ $151,200  28%  Â   Â   $151,901 â€“ $231,450  Â   Â   $151,201 â€“ $230,450  33%  Â   Â   $231,451 â€“ $413,350  Â   Â   $230,451 â€“ $411,500  35%  Â   Â   $413,351 â€“ $466,950  Â   Â   $411,501 â€“ $464,850  39.6%  Â   Â   $466,951+  Â   Â   $464,851+    Â   Â     Â   Â                 Â   
 Unmarried Individuals (Other Than Surviving Spouses and Heads of 
      Households)  
 Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â    
 Tax Rate  
  Â   Â    2016 Taxable Income   Â   Â    2015 Taxable Income   10%  Â   Â   $0 â€“ $9,275  Â   Â   $0 â€“ $9,225  15%  Â   Â   $9,276 â€“ $37,650  Â   Â   $9,226 â€“ $37,450  25%  Â   Â   $37,651 â€“ $91,150  Â   Â   $37,451 â€“ $90,750  28%  Â   Â   $91,151 â€“ $190,150  Â   Â   $90,751 â€“ $189,300  33%  Â   Â   $190,151 â€“ $413,350  Â   Â   $189,301 â€“ $411,500  35%  Â   Â   $413,351 â€“ $415,050  Â   Â   $411,501 â€“ $413,200  39.6%  Â   Â   $415,051+  Â   Â   $413,201+    Â   Â     Â   Â                 Â   
 Head of Household  
 Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â    
 Tax Rate  
  Â   Â    2016 Taxable Income   Â   Â    2015 Taxable Income   10%  Â   Â   $0 â€“ $13,250  Â   Â   $0 â€“ $13,150  15%  Â   Â   $13,251 â€“ $50,400  Â   Â   $13,151 â€“ $50,200  25%  Â   Â   $50,401 â€“ $130,150  Â   Â   $50,201 â€“ $129,600  28%  Â   Â   $130,151 â€“ $210,800  Â   Â   $129,601 â€“ $209,850  33%  Â   Â   $210,801 â€“ $413,350  Â   Â   $209,851 â€“ $411,500  35%  Â   Â   $413,351 â€“ $441,000  Â   Â   $411,501 â€“ $439,000  39.6%  Â   Â   $441,001+  Â   Â   $439,001+    Â   Â     Â   Â                 Â   
 Married Individuals Filing Separate Returns  
 Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â    
 Tax Rate  
  Â   Â    2016 Taxable Income   Â   Â    2015 Taxable Income   10%  Â   Â   $0 â€“ $9,275  Â   Â   $0 â€“ $9,225  15%  Â   Â   $9,276 â€“ $37,650  Â   Â   $9,226 â€“ $37,450  25%  Â   Â   $37,651 â€“ $75,950  Â   Â   $37,451 â€“ $75,600  28%  Â   Â   $75,951 â€“ $115,725  Â   Â   $75,601 â€“ $115,225  33%  Â   Â   $115,726 â€“ $206,675  Â   Â   $115,226 â€“ $205,750  35%  Â   Â   $206,676 â€“ $233,475  Â   Â   $205,751 â€“ $232,425  39.6%  Â   Â   $233,476+  Â   Â   $232,426+    Â   Â     Â   Â                 Â   
 Standard Deduction Amounts  
 Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â    
 Filing Status  
  Â    2016   Â   Â    2015   Â   Â    Increase   Married Filing Jointly (& Surviving Spouse)  Â   $12,600  Â   Â   $12,600  Â   Â   $0  Married Filing Separately  Â   $6,300  Â   Â   $6,300  Â   Â   $0  Single  Â   $6,300  Â   Â   $6,300  Â   Â   $0  Head of Household  Â   $9,300  Â   Â   $9,250  Â   Â   $50    Â     Â   Â     Â   Â                     Â   
 Standard Deduction for Dependents ('Kiddieâ€� Standard Deduction)  
 Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â    2016   Â   Â   Â    2015   Â   Â   Â    Increase   $1,050  Â   Â   Â   $1,050  Â   Â   Â   $0    Â   Â   Â     Â   Â   Â                     Â   
 Personal Exemption Amounts  
 Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â    2016   Â   Â   Â    2015   Â   Â   Â    Increase   $4,050  Â   Â   Â   $4,000  Â   Â   Â   $50    Â   Â   Â     Â   Â   Â                     Â   
 Gift Tax Exclusion  
 Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â   Â    2016   Â   Â   Â    2015   Â   Â   Â    Increase   $14,000  Â   Â   Â   $14,000  Â   Â   Â   $0    Â   Â   Â     Â   Â   Â                     Â   
* These numbers are projected for the 2016 tax year and have not been 
      confirmed by the Internal Revenue Service ( www.irs.org ). 
 
Article source - Business Wire, all right reserved. Copyright 2015 
Trademarks, logos, pictures and other items may be copyright of firms mentioned in this article. 
Further information: 
Organisation name:     Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting US 


Latest stock price data for AEX

WORMELOW’S 50th anniversary dinner turned into a big celebration for one of the club’s young all-rounders. 
 
Lee Watkins produced a clean sweep of all the first-team awards, winning the bowling cup, the batting cup and the player of the year trophy. 
 
Watkins received his trophies from former England batsman Mark Ramprakash, who entertained the large turn-out of members and guests with stories from his distinguished playing career, his success on Strictly Come Dancing and from his current role as England batting coach. 
 
More than 220 people attended the event at the Three Counties Hotel where they were welcomed by club chairman Nigel Evans. 
 
President Richard Prime proposed the toast to the club before Ian Herbert introduced Ramprakash, who assisted with the presentation of the annual awards. 
 
Second-team awards went to Jordan Reading (bowling), David Bannerman (batting) and Matt Deem (player of the year). 
 
Third-team awards went to Jamie Worsfold (bowling), Jasper Linley-Adams (batting), Freddie Spencer (fielding) and Owen Jones (player of the year). 
 
Fourteen-year-old Oliver Rogoff, who scored more than 1,000 runs in all competitions, was named young player of the year while Claire Langford, one of the principal organisers of the dinner, was voted club person of the year. 
 
Overseas player Brent Hartley was presented with a special award by the club’s youth players in recognition of his coaching efforts. 
   
 Share article  
   
And Sue Boulter, who is stepping down after 33 years as one of Wormelow ’s band of tea-ladies was given a special award to mark her outstanding service to the club. 
 
After the awards presentation, singer Alex Knapman provided extra entertainment for the guests.

Taking calcium supplements or eating more dairy to improve bone health has little or no effect, according to new research. 

There is scant evidence that taking calcium supplements prevents fractures and no evidence that increasing calcium through the diet prevents fractures or breaks either, experts said. 

The research, published in the British Medical Journal (BMJ), collected data from dozens of studies on the issue. 

According to the NHS, adults need 700mg of calcium a day. It is recommended that people get all the calcium they need from their daily diet. 

The NHS Choices website warns that taking  high doses of calcium (over 1,500mg a day) could lead to stomach pain and diarrhoea. 

It says taking supplements containing less than this amount are unlikely to cause any harm. 

In the latest study, experts from New Zealand concluded that efforts to increase calcium intake to improve bone health had no overall effect. 

"Our analyses indicate that dietary calcium intake  is not associated with risk of fracture, and there is no evidence  currently that increasing dietary calcium intake prevents  fractures," they said. 

They said calcium supplements have " an unfavourable  risk:benefit profile", meaning they could do more harm than good. 

"Collectively, these results suggest that clinicians, advocacy  organisations, and health policymakers should not recommend  increasing calcium intake for fracture prevention, either with  calcium supplements or through dietary sources." 

The experts studied a range of trials on the issue, including people aged 50 and over getting their calcium from milk or dairy, or taking calcium supplements with or without vitamin D. 

In an accompanying editorial, Professor Karl Michaelsson from Uppsala University in Sweden, said  most over-50s will not benefit from increasing their intake of calcium, particularly through supplements, as some recommendations suggest. 

"The weight of evidence against such mass medication of older people is now compelling, and it is surely time to reconsider these controversial recommendations," he said. 

Professor Juliet Compston, a National Osteoporosis Society trustee, said:  "There is not much in these studies that is new. We already know that calcium supplements increase bone density, but on their own do not reduce fractures. 

"However, a recent analysis concluded that calcium and vitamin D did reduce hip and non-vertebral fractures in postmenopausal women and older men."

Indianapolis, Indiana (PRWEB)  September 15, 2015  

TinderBox, a leader in sales productivity technologies, launched its new TinderBox Signals alerting tool today, expanding the company’s capability to create and automate email and mobile alerts that identify when customers interact with sales proposals, contracts and presentations. 
 
TinderBox Signals extends the company’s real-time alerting capabilities by enabling customers to define specific triggers, such as deal size, location, reviewer title, products proposed, and action taken on any TinderBox document, to power mobile and email alerts – either in real-time or in a daily or weekly digest. 
 
“As b-to-b sales rapidly move online, executives and sales teams need a better way to understand what digital interactions signal a deal is moving,” said Dustin Sapp, TinderBox co-founder and chief executive officer. “With TinderBox Signals, we’re making it easy for executives and sales teams to identify in real time which buyers are engaged and what specifically they’re viewing to prioritize follow up and close deals faster.” 
 
TinderBox Signals provides an online interface to create, define and subscribe to personalized alerts that identify specific action taken on any online proposal, contract or presentation powered by TinderBox.  Customers can identify who within the organization should receive alerts via email or mobile, the frequency with which alerts are sent and what specific actions trigger alerts. 
 
“Great sales teams blend speed, precision and accuracy to connect with customers and anticipate their needs throughout the buying process,” said Matt Gvazdinskas, director, Salesforce.com platform team at ZirMed. “With TinderBox Signals, we’ll give our team a powerful new solution that they can control to better understand how and when customers interact with sales materials to prioritize follow up and keep the sales process moving.” 
 
TinderBox Signals will be generally available to all TinderBox customers at no additional cost Oct. 12. 
 
TinderBox Signals is the latest innovation in the company’s expanding suite of online sales productivity technologies. The announcement follows the launch of TinderBox Close™ – its online contracting solution that embeds the strength of Digital Transaction Management leader DocuSign with TinderBox’s workflow, automation and analytics to provide a faster way to create, redline and close contracts online. 
 
About TinderBox 
TinderBox transforms how companies sell with a cloud-based sales productivity suite that powers personalized sales proposals, contracts and presentations entirely online. Through automation, workflow and analytics, TinderBox makes it possible for sales teams to sell smarter and close deals faster from any device, anywhere. Visit http://www.GetTinderBox.com and follow @GetTinderBox for more information. 
  
Share article on social media or email

PAUL MEEK

SAN ANGELO, TX

I was impressed with the acceleration and cutting D-Mac showed (albeit limited number of runs) in this last game. On the heels of this performance, how do you feel the RB competition shakes out?

David: Am I alone in thinking that it really and truly doesn’t matter? No matter who the Cowboys send out for the first snap on Sept. 13, he isn’t going to get 392 carries like DeMarco Murray did last fall. I really do believe this will be a committee. Maybe McFadden will lead the team in carries, maybe it’ll be Randle – maybe there’ll even be a new running back in the mix. But multiple ball carriers are going to have a chance to make an impact, one way or another.

Bryan: I have gone on record in saying that I believe that Darren McFadden CLINT BOYTE

LEXINGTON, KY

With no single receiver really stepping up this offseason to grab the No. 5 spot, could you see the Cowboys bringing in someone like Ryan Broyles in a case of maybe he just was never really given a chance?

David: I can’t say for sure whether the Cowboys have looked at Broyles – sorry, Sooner fans. That said, I won’t be remotely surprised if the Cowboys’ No. 5 receiver is not currently with this team. None of the guys on the roster have done a great job of stepping up and claiming the job, in my opinion. Jason Garrett and Stephen Jones love to talk about how they’re always looking to improve the roster. If there’s a guy out there who’s a step up from the current options, it’s a safe bet they’ll take a look.

Bryan: I am going down that road that the 5th receiver on this club is on another team. As far as it being Ryan Broyles – I don’t think that’s the case. What needs to happen is for this front office located a guy much like they had in Laurent Robinson. To make that happen, this front office might have to flip a draft pick, which I would be willing to do. ©2014 Dallas Cowboys. All rights reserved. Do not duplicate in any form without permission of the Dallas Cowboys.

Z Energy shares closed near a record high before the Super Fund's sell-off announcement. 
             
Z Energy has requested a share trading halt after cornerstone shareholders Infratil and the Government-owned Super Fund signalled they would be selling off shares in the fuel company. 
 
Infrastructure company Infratil said it would start to sell its 20 per cent stake - 80 million shares - from Tuesday evening. 
 
The New Zealand Superannuation Fund said it planned to reduce its one-fifth shareholding in the company by 4pm on Wednesday through a sale of shares to financial institutions. 
 
The Super Fund announcement was made shortly after the NZX closed on Tuesday so did not impact Z Energy's share price on the day, which closed near a record high at $6.63.  
 
However, it said it would retain more than a 10 per cent share in the business "reflecting [its] confidence in Z Energy's business strategy and management team". 
 
Z Energy shares have been bolstered by a proposed $785 million takeover of rival Caltex, announced in June. 
 
Super Fund chief investment officer Matt Whineray said the current market environment provided an opportunity to reduce the fund's large investment in Z Energy "and realise further value from what has been a highly successful investment". 
    
 

TREASURER Joe Hockey will introduce "world leading" legislation to parliament this week aimed at ensuring multinational companies pay their fair share of tax.  
   
IT'S the result of working with the UK government and embedding tax office staff into 30 companies the government believes are dodging their tax obligations. 
But Mr Hockey declined to say how much potential revenue his draft laws would raise, telling 3AW radio on Monday: "I would rather under promise and over deliver."

Thursday, September 17, 2015
United Nations Human Rights Chief Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein at yesterday's briefing on UNHRC Report on Sri Lanka. Dharisha Bastians 
reporting from Geneva
The United Nations Human Rights Chief Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein has called for the setting up of a special ‘hybrid court’ comprising international judges and prosecutors after a report by his Office revealed “horrific” violations strongly indicating that war crimes were most likely committed by both government forces and the LTTE and declared the country’s justice system incapable of dealing with the seriousness of the crimes.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights yesterday released the long awaited report of an investigation by his office, into allegations that war crimes had been committed during the final stages of the Sri Lankan conflict.
Indiscriminate shelling, extra judicial killings, enforced disappearances, “harrowing accounts” of torture and sexual violence, recruitment of children and other grave crimes had been laid bare in the report, the UN High Commissioner said.
As he made the 261 page report public, Zeid said Sri Lanka’s justice system was not up to the task of dealing with such grave violations.
“The inescapable reality is that Sri Lanka’s criminal justice system is not ready to handle these types of crimes,” High Commissioner Zeid told a news conference at the Palais des Nations in Geneva yesterday. Zeid said the report had highlighted “years of denials and coverups”, the failure to carry out investigations and reprisals against those calling for justice. The High Commissioner said that domestic mechanisms of the past had suffered ‘repeated failures” to bring justice to victims, leading to skepticism, anger and mistrust on the part of victims. “Many of the structures responsible for the violations and crimes remain in place,” the High Commissioner noted.
The hybrid special court would deepen national importance while at the same time maintain international focus on Sri Lanka, High Commissioner Zeid explained.
The commitment by the new Government to pursue accountability through a domestic process was commendable, Zeid said, adding that “unfortunately, Sri Lanka’s criminal justice system is not yet ready”.
The High Commissioner told reporters that the absence of reliable witness protection, the inadequacy of the country’s legal framework and the “degree to which the country’s security sector and judicial system had been corrupted by decades of emergency, conflict and impunity” posed challenges to achieving justice for victims.
The High Commissioner noted that the investigation had been hindered by the fact that the Sri Lankan Government did not support the probe for almost entire length of the inquiry.
“We were hampered by the inability to access the very people we needed to meet the most - victims in Sri Lanka,” Zeid said.
Hailing victims and survivors for the courage of their testimony that contributed to the 261 page, two-part report, the UN High Commissioner said he hoped the report would inspire change that many Sri Lankans had been “aching” for.
“Sri Lanka will never escape the stinging tentacles of its past unless victims receive justice and redress,” the UN Rights Chief told journalists.
The High Commissioner said he hoped the UN Human Rights Council which is sitting in its 30th Session this month, will endorse the recommendations in the report. In response to a question posed by Daily FT about whether his office would urge the inclusion of the hybrid court in the draft resolution on Sri Lanka at the end of the session, Zeid said consultations on the draft were not yet underway.
I will expect that there will be a careful reading of the report the shorter summary and the longer report. My hope is that the Human Rights Council will endorse the recommendations we have placed in our report. Since we have not had consultations on the draft yet, it is a discussion to come. Our hope is that the recommendation will be accepted and adopted by principally by the Government of Sri Lanka but that the Human Rights Council will see fit to support the recommendations,” he said.
Zeid strongly recommended vetting for security and military officials from Sri Lanka proposed for international peacekeeping missions or military exchanges. “It is absolutely clear given the findings in this report that there must be a great deal of soul-searching if the Sri Lanka is going to ensure non-recurrence. One would hope that within the security services, there will be a recognition that these methods were they to be proven in a court of law, do not bring greater stability to a country. It only brings more suffering and creates more victims,” the High Commissioner said.
The High Commissioner took pains to note that the investigation carried out by his office was a human rights investigation and not a criminal investigation. But he said it marked the beginning of a judicial process to confirm that war crimes and crimes against humanity had been committed by state actors and the LTTE and paramilitary groups during the Sri Lankan war.
Zeid said his office hoped this report would lead to efforts to end impunity for these crimes and create “a most intense reckoning with the past.”
“The recognition that there are simply too many families throughout Sri Lanka that have suffered appallingly, too many who have disappeared, too many pushed into exile, too many funerals organised, too much pain felt and too much lost in terms of Sri Lanka’s human and economic potential, for the past not to be stared down, not to be learnt from and atoned for,” the High Commissioner said.
The OHCHR Investigation on Sri Lanka (OISL) conducted by a team of seven investigators and three special advisors, found evidence of extra-judicial killings and indiscriminate shelling by Government forces with the use of long range weapons. The report said investigators also found evidence that top LTTE commanders had prevented civilians from leaving the battle zones in the Northern Province and said the Tigers had repeatedly set up military fortifications near civilian areas and medical facilities. In a particularly interesting finding, the OISL report revealed that it had documented extensive recruitment of children in armed conflict by the LTTE which intensified during the final months of the conflict. The OISL also found that the Karuna group had recruited children after its split from the LTTE in 2004.
“Based on the information gathered by OISL there are reasonable grounds to believe that Government security forces may have known that the Karuna group recruited children in areas under their control,” the report states.
The findings, if proven amount to a contravention of the UN convention on rights of the child and its optional protocol and would constitute a war crime if proven in a court of law, the report said.
As the High Commissioner issued his statement about the release of the report, victim families from North, East and South of Sri Lanka sat outside Press Room III of the Palais des Nations, watching his remarks on the live webcast. Zeid acknowledged the women as he left the press room following his news conference. Govt. assures ‘due attention’ to UN war crimes report In what the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights Spokesman Rupert Colville called a “cordial response”, the Government of Sri Lanka replied the OISL report, noting that it was not a criminal investigation and pledging to give it “due attention”.
The communiqué expresses the Government’s commitment to ensuring non-recurrence and pledges wide consultations with stakeholders and victims.
The following is the full text of the Government’s response to the UN report.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka presents its compliments to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) and with reference to the latter’s Note dated 10 September 2015 conveying an unedited advance copy of the Report of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (A/HRC/30/61) and the Report of the OHCHR Investigation on Sri Lanka (OISL) (A/HRC/30/SRP.2) has the honour to submit the following comments:
The Government of Sri Lanka,
*Takes note of the Report of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (A/HRC/30/61), and the recommendations made by the High Commissioner;
*Is pleased and encouraged by the High Commissioner’s recognition of the efforts of the new Government since the Presidential election of 8 January 2015 in dealing with issues of concern for the people of Sri Lanka relating to human rights, rule of law, governance, justice, institutional and legal reform and reconciliation;
*Appreciates the due recognition given to the Government’s constructive engagement with the High Commissioner and OHCHR aimed at addressing post-conflict issues that impact on achieving reconciliation;
*Remains firm in its conviction to take all possible measures to ensure non-recurrence in keeping with the mandate given by the people of the country twice this year, 2015, at the Presidential election in January and the Parliamentary election in August;
*Will ensure dialogue and wide consultations with all stakeholders especially the victims of conflict, communities, political parties, civil society representatives, the military as well as the High Commissioner and his Office, bilateral partners, and other international organistions in putting in place mechanisms and measures that will facilitate the right to know, right to justice, reparations and guaranteeing non-recurrence with the aim of achieving reconciliation and durable peace to ensure long-term progress of all her citizens;
*Takes note also of the Report of the OHCHR Investigation on Sri Lanka (OISL), recognises fully that this Report represents a human rights investigation and not a criminal investigation, and will ensure that its content as well as recommendations receive due attention of the relevant authorities including the new mechanisms that are envisaged to be set up;
*Remains open to continuing its engagement with the High Commissioner and his Office as well as the systems and procedures of the Human Rights Council, aimed at taking steps to safeguard and uphold the human rights of all her citizens.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka avails itself of this opportunity to renew to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), the assurances of its highest consideration. TNA hails report; calls for introspection within Tamil community The Tamil National Alliance strongly welcomed the OISL report released yesterday, particularly the report’s recommendation for the establishment of a hybrid court and the incorporation of international crimes into Sri Lanka’s laws so that prosecutions could take place. TNA Lawmaker and Spokesman M.A. Sumanthiran told Daily FT at the Palais des Nations in Geneva that the party hoped the Government would accept the UN report.
Sumanthiran said the Foreign Minister in his address to the Human Rights Council this week had noted that that there was a new Sri Lanka in which things would be different.
“Sri Lanka must now stand up and accept this report and work with the world community. To that extent, we ask the 47 Member States in the Human Rights Council to adopt all the recommendations in the OISL report as a resolution. We ask the Government of Sri Lanka to agree to that so that we can go forward with one aim. To deal with the past properly, in a manner that will assuage the feelings of the victims and having dealt with the past in a meaningful way to move forward into a bright future for all of Sri Lanka’s people,” the TNA Parliamentarian urged.
He also urged soul-searching within the Tamil community, about the community’s own failures. “We ask the Tamil people of Sri Lanka also to use this moment as a moment of introspection into our own community’s failures and create the right culture and atmosphere in which we can live with dignity and self-respect, as equal citizens of Sri Lanka,” Sumanthiran said. (DB) Namal claims UN suggestion an insult   MP Namal Rajapaksa yesterday in a tweet claimed that the OHCR’s call for the creation of a hybrid court in Sri Lanka was a “complete insult to the entire legal system of the country.” He said Sri Lanka is fully capable of conducting any domestic inquiry that is needed.
“The double standards practiced by sections of the international community is injustice in itself. Sri Lanka courts have already demonstrated they have resources and capability to conduct credible investigations within existing legal framework,” he added. - See more at: http://www.ft.lk/article/471779/“Hybrid”-healer-for-“horrors” #sthash.1GL12x9S.dpuf

Two Jersey City men armed with a handgun were arrested Wednesday afternoon and charged with a brazen daylight attack at a car wash, Jersey City spokeswoman Jennifer Morrill said. 
 
Jersey City Police responding to the report of an aggravated assault at a car wash on Broadway at around noon quickly identified and arrested the two men, and also recovered a loaded handgun and drugs, Morrill said. 
 
Johnny Rojas, 33, of Romaine Avenue, was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, terroristic threats, possession of a handgun, and numerous narcotics charges, including possession and possession with intent to distribute. 
 
Alexis Diaz, 33, of Duncan Avenue, was charged with possession of a handgun, terroristic threats, and numerous narcotics charges, including possession and possession with intent to distribute. 
 
The victim, a 26-year-old Griffith Street resident, told police two men approached him while he was washing a black SUV and asked him the whereabouts of his cousin, whom they claimed owed them money, Morrill said. 
 
Rojas and Diaz then attempted to punch the man, with Rojas lifting his shirt and showing a black handgun to the victim. The Griffith Street man then fled to the entrance of the business and called police, Morrill said. 
 
The man provided a description of his attackers to a police dispatcher, as well as the white Infiniti they fled the scene in. Plainclothes officers in the Street Crimes Unit who were working in the area, as well as West District patrol, responded to the Romaine Avenue address to which the vehicle was registered, Morrill. 
 
Police saw the vehicle parked at the home and eventually spotted Rojas and a third individual, Hector Poll-Ortiz, walking on Broadway. When officers approached the two men, they saw the handle of a handgun sticking out of Rojas' waistband, Morrill said. 
 
When one officer yelled "gun," Rojas attempted to turn around and flee but was forced to the ground. A loaded, black Remington semi-automatic handgun was recovered from Rojas, who was also in possession of $468 in cash and the keys to the Infiniti, the spokeswoman said. 
 
Meanwhile, Diaz was spotted walking nearby with cuts on his hand. Due to the proximity of the crime location and the apprehension of Rojas, officers detained Diaz, who was later identified as the second attacker from the car wash. 
 
While the car was being impounded, officers found six bags of suspected CDS cocaine in the cup holder in the middle console, Morrill said. 
 
Poll-Ortiz, who was not charged in connection with the car wash attack, was arrested on an open Hudson County Sheriff's Office warrant and was turned over to that agency for processing, Morrill added.

Scotland rugby players were greeted with music from school pupils and given tournament caps during their official welcome ceremony at Gloucester Cathedral this afternoon. 
 
The team will be based at Hartpury College for the next few days ahead of the start of their World Cup campaign at Kingsholm Stadium in Gloucester on Wednesday when they face Japan. 
 
The ceremony was a celebration of Scotland Rugby's achievements and included their friends and family as well as members of the local community. 
 
They arrived to a greeting from a choir from Isbourne Valley School performing official tournament anthem `World In Union` in front of an audience including figures from World Rugby, England Rugby 2015 and the Rugby Football Union. 
 
Paul James, leader of Gloucester City Council, presented the team with a special mini Scrumpty as a gift from the city. 
 
He said: "It is an immense honour to welcome the Scotland Rugby team to the city and a huge privilege for Gloucester to be a host city for the third largest sporting event in the world." 
 
Following welcome speeches from chairman of England Rugby 2015 Andrew Cosslett and Scotland manager Gavin Scott, each member of the team was presented with a Tournament cap and Rugby World Cup 2015 participation medal. 
 
There were four cap and medal bearers who were selected from local clubs and educational institutions, representing the legacy of Rugby World Cup 2015. 
 
Speaking during the ceremony, Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw who also plays for Gloucester Rugby, said: "I am so proud to stand here as Scotland captain. It has been months, if not years, of hard work in preparing for this event. 
 
"To all the people of Gloucester it is great to be here. I joined the club just over a year ago and I have really enjoyed getting to know the city. 
 
"I have been explaining to the boys how much you love rugby and they could see it as we drove through the city. But I have one small plea. 
 
"Japan will be playing in cherry and white on Wednesday so for once please could you put that to one side. It would be much appreciated. 
 
"We look forward to seeing you all at Kingsholm on Wednesday." 
 
The ceremony culminated with a beat-boxing performance by local act Duke. 
 
Gloucester Cathedral is among 17 landmark venues across England and Wales chosen to host Welcome Ceremonies. 
 
It is predicted to be the biggest boost for the UK's travel and tourism industry since the London Olympics three years ago, pumping almost £1billion into the economy during the next month and a half.

Nobody in baseball history had as many choices in World Series jewelry as Yogi Berra, who died Tuesday at age 90. Berra won a record 10 championship rings, and the one he wore most often in later years was from 1953. It had the number 5 on its face -- with the lower part of the numeral encircling a diamond -- to signify the Yankees' fifth title in a row. Berra said he wore that ring because no other team, before or since, had accomplished that feat. Berra had 71 hits in the World Series, a record, and nine of them came against the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1956. He hit a grand slam off Don Newcombe in the Yankees' Game 2 loss, went 5 for 15 over the next four games, and then hit two more home runs off Newcombe in Game 7. Berra drilled two-run home runs in the first and the third innings, propelling the Yankees to a 9-0 victory. It was a bitter end to a dream season for Newcombe, who was 27-7 and won the Cy Young Award (then given to only one pitcher in the majors) and the NL Most Valuable Player Award. When Newcombe came to bat after the second home run, Berra consoled him from behind the plate. "I hit a pretty good pitch, Newk," Berra told him, according to an account in The New York Times. "Yes, you did," Newcombe replied. Berra remains the only player to hit two home runs in a winner-take-all World Series game, and his 10 runs batted in and .800 slugging percentage in 1956 were career highs in his 14 Series appearances. But the car presented to the World Series MVP went to Don Larsen for his perfect game in Game 5. It was Berra, though, who gave us an indelible snapshot of that moment by leaping into Larsen's arms after the final out. The unforgettable image of spontaneous joy defined the boyish enthusiasm for baseball that Berra kept all his life. Late arrival A baby boy was born at Petco Field during the third inning of Thursday night's Padres-Giants game. "This would never have happened in Los Angeles," wrote Janice Hough of leftcoastsportsbabe.com, "in the third inning Dodgers fans are still in the car on the way to the stadium." It's all nunsense In honor of the pope's U.S. visit, the Philadelphia Phillies gave out "Pope Francis rookie cards" during a game. "Don't laugh," wrote RJ Currie of sportsdeke.com, "Word is he's a real pray-maker." Headlines From theonion.com: • "Dolphins trying to fix Ndamukong Suh's quarterback-throwing mechanics" • "Cowboys confident they have enough pieces of Tony Romo to win" Sports quiz Who is the last National League player to hit a grand slam in a World Series game? Sports answer Lonnie Smith of the Braves on Oct. 22, 1992. Sports on 09/27/2015 Print Headline: Berra's best World Series unrewarded

An inmate at a maximum-security prison has been kept in segregation for two-and-a-half years, according to a report. 
 
		 
The Independent Monitoring Board (IMB) for HMP Whitemoor revealed that it detained seven of the 24 prisoners held in segregation for more than six months across England's high-security jails as of June 1 this year. 
  Whitemoor prison near March, Cambridgeshire   
Inspectors said a staffing "merry-go-round" meant inexperienced staff were needed to work on the segregation unit and management was "poor". 

			 
Prison rules enable a governor to arrange for a prisoner to be segregated - kept away from other inmates - for up to 72 hours before seeking authorisation from the secretary of state. Inmates can be segregated if they are deemed to be in danger, to prevent danger to other prisoners or as punishment for disruptive behaviour. 



 
The IMB cited a United Nations protocol which defines solitary confinement for more than 22 hours a day as torture and said m any inmates in segregation at the Cambridgeshire jail were often confined for longer. 

The report, covering the year to May 2015, said: "Although often faced with challenging prisoners, requiring officers to get into and  out of personal protection equipment, on most days staff were able to offer a full  regime. 

"It was not however unusual for some curtailment to be necessary,  meaning that residents might miss showers, corporate worship, phone calls and  exercise. At its worst, for example on 10 occasions in April, the Seg (segregation unit) had to be  locked down." 

The regime in place was "much the same" as that which HM Inspectorate of Prisons found in 2011 to be "inadequate", inspectors added. 

			 
"One of the other problems noted by Inspectors was the poor management  arrangements for the Seg. Whilst there have been definite improvements, with  greater adherence to procedures and standards, and consistency of decision-making,  new prison-wide staffing arrangements meant that the custody manager  responsible for the Seg was more frequently away from the unit, for example  acting as orderly officer, managing detail or on nights," the report said. 

" We do not blame  Whitemoor managers for this merry go-round, which results from centrally-imposed  staffing norms." 

A high-profile terrorist prisoner recently won a legal challenge at the UK's highest court against his segregation at HMP Whitemoor. 

Kamel Bourgass, an Algerian who is serving 17 years for conspiracy to commit public nuisance by using poisons or explosives in relation to the 2002 Ricin terrorist plot, was segregated for extended periods. 

			 
The Supreme Court ruled in July his confinement, for periods or more than a month, was unlawful beyond the initial 72-hour period. 


         Copyright (c) Press Association Ltd. 2015, All Rights Reserved.

RENTON, Wash.—After being released by the Buffalo Bills, running back Fred Jackson is looking for an opportunity to reunite with former teammate Marshawn Lynch in ... 
Published: 09/02/2

Santa Barbara County Sheriff's deputies testified Friday that they were aware that a Los Alamos man accused of making threats against his sister owned multiple guns when they went to his house to interview him in March, an incident that turned into an hourslong standoff with the department's special enforcement team. 

Ronald Joseph Carrari, 56, is charged with making criminal threats and resisting arrest stemming from the March 20 incident. His sister, Christina Carrari, had called the Sheriff's Department to report that he had threatened her. 

Four deputies responding to the report went to Ronald Carrari's house south of Los Alamos, where he refused to come out of the house because the deputies did not have a warrant. Two of the responding deputies testified Friday that Ronald Carrari had said he was going to get his guns. 

"I heard him say, 'You got your guns, I'm getting mine,'" Deputy Jonathan Fleming said. 

However, Fleming and Deputy Bobby Fortier also testified that they had actually seen him holding a gun. A search of his home yielded eight guns, including one that is apparently illegal under California law, a Taurus handgun that fires .410 shotgun shells, making it a short-barreled shotgun. 

At some point during the incident, Ronald Carrari, audibly upset, called 911, expressing fear that deputies were going to kill him and saying that the Sheriff's Department had a "vendetta" against him. 

After being arrested under suspicion of making criminal threats and resisting arrest, Ronald Carrari bailed out of jail. He was rearrested after being accused of threatening his sister again several days later. 

The two incidents apparently stemmed from Christina Carrari limiting the hours that her brother could visit their ailing mother, although Ronald Carrari had a history of not getting along with other members of the family, and his father and his developmentally disabled brother had recently obtained restraining orders against him. 

Christina Carrari testified that her brother was allowed to visit their mother between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m., which she said were "her best hours." 

Other family members were not subject to the visitation hours. Christina Carrari testified that this was due to Ronald Carrari's prior behavior. 

"He was upsetting mom as well as wreaking havoc with all of us," she said. 

Their mother died March 18. 

The second incident in which Ronald Carrari is accused of threatening his sister occurred at a memorial service for their mother. Ronald Carrari allegedly placed a memorial planter box with threatening messages written on it outside of the Union Hotel, where the service was being held.  

Testimony will continue Wednesday morning.

The Asus MG279Q is one of two models in this roundup - the other is the Acer XB270HU - to use in-plane switching (IPS) technology. The other monitors use twisted nematic (TN) panels, which have inferior viewing angles.

Hence, if viewing angles are your biggest concern, you should be looking at these two models.

The Acer and the Asus differ mainly in the variable refresh rate technology used. Asus supports AMD FreeSync, while Acer uses Nvidia's G-Sync technology. The variable refresh rate range on the Asus is between 35Hz and 90Hz. This is not as wide as the Acer (30Hz to 144Hz) and the BenQ XL2730Z (40Hz to 144Hz). However, it is probably adequate as most games should be running at frame rates within this range. If your games fall outside this range, you can probably tweak their graphics settings to bring them back within the range to benefit from FreeSync.

Physically, the monitor is fairly slim, with a 13mm-wide bezel.

Overall, my impression is that the monitor is not overly loud and should appeal to non-gamers too.

You can pivot the Asus 90 degrees for a portrait orientation or swivel it by up to 60 degrees to its sides. It has a pair of built-in speakers and two USB 3.0 ports at the bottom rear of the display.

Navigate the on-screen display (OSD) settings with a joystick. The monitor includes six predefined settings, or profiles, that are optimised for different usage modes, from watching movies to playing a first-person shooter game.

A demo feature helps you decide whether the selected profile is suitable. It splits the screen into two, with one half showing the original display setting and the other the chosen profile, so that you can see both side by side. A crosshair overlay can be turned on to help gamers aim in shooting games.

Screen brightness topped out at 270 nits, making it one of the brightest models I have tested. However, colour accuracy was average with a score of 3 out of 5 compared to 4.5 for the Acer. Several handy features for gamers

Gamers will like this BenQ XL2730Z monitor. Not only does it support AMD FreeSync for a smooth gaming experience (with a compatible AMD graphics card), but also it has a number of features that cater to gamers.

For example, you can hang your headset on a retractable hook at the left of the display. A carry handle makes it easier to take the monitor to LAN gaming parties.

You can plug your headset into the monitor, as it has headphone and microphone jacks. On-screen display (OSD) settings let gamers adjust the headset volume or mute the headset microphone.

The BenQ's screen can pivot 90 degrees to a portrait orientation. It lets you swivel 45 degrees to the sides - more limited than other monitors I've tried. The monitor comes with a unique feature that I find useful. The OSD settings can be adjusted using an external controller dubbed the S Switch. The wired round puck, which comes with large buttons and a scroll wheel, fits neatly into a circular indent at the base of the monitor stand.

I find the S Switch easier to use than traditional OSD buttons on other monitors. You can also save up to three different sets of display settings, and switch quickly between them using the S Switch.

Gaming-centric features include a Black Equalizer mode, which attempts to brighten dark areas of the screen so that you can spot concealed enemies more easily during a game. There is also a motion-blur reduction feature that helps reduce the amount of smearing during fast action games.

But both features have their downsides. The Black Equalizer mode makes everything look overexposed and affects colour accuracy. Turning on blur reduction leads to a reduction in screen brightness. So use them with discretion.

The AMD FreeSync feature on this BenQ monitor works for refresh rates from 40Hz to 144Hz - the widest range among the three AMD FreeSync monitors in this round-up. Its closest rival is the Asus MG279Q, which has a FreeSync range of 35Hz to 90Hz.

The viewing angle is decent, but not as wide as on monitors that use in-plane switching display technology. Nevertheless, the BenQ's twisted nematic screen has good colour accuracy - as long as you do not use its Black Equalizer mode. Lower screen resolution is a letdown

The biggest flaw in this Philips monitor is its 1,920 x 1,080-pixel screen resolution. While this resolution is adequate for a 24-inch monitor, it is not good enough for a 27-inch display. In comparison, the other monitors in this roundup have screen resolutions of at least 2,560 x 1,440 pixels.

To be fair, the lower screen resolution may be useful for gamers with less powerful computers. They can run games smoothly at the native resolution without having to reduce their graphics settings. On the other hand, the Philips monitor does not look as sharp as its rivals when it comes to browsing the Internet or reading a document.

Viewing from the sides and the bottom is poor, though not unexpected, given that this monitor uses a twisted nematic (TN) panel instead of in-plane switching (IPS) technology. There is one upside though: TN screens usually have low response time and input lag. As a result, games, especially first-person shooters, feel responsive.

Philips has tried to inject a bit of flair into the design. The display has a red strip in front and its stand has an opening for cables to pass through. You can rotate the screen by 90 degrees to portrait orientation, and swivel the display to the right or left by 65 degrees.

However, the bezel looks chunky at around 25mm at the top and 20mm at the sides. A laptop-style external power brick is required. Like most Nvidia G-Sync monitors, the Philips monitor has a single DisplayPort connector. There are no HDMI or DVI inputs. But there is an integrated USB hub with four USB 3.0 ports at the back.

Touch-sensitive buttons operate the on-screen display settings. The settings are fairly basic with no profiles for specific tasks.

There is an option to display a crosshair on the screen to help players in first-person shooter games. But this lone gamer feature feels like a token gesture.

In my test with a colourimeter, the Philips covered 99 per cent of the sRGB colour space. Colour accuracy was decent, but not as good as some of its competitors.

At $999, the Philips is one of the least expensive Nvidia G-Sync monitors in the market, though AMD FreeSync models are around the same price.

However, the IPS-based Acer XB270HU arguably provides better value despite being more expensive at $1,099. Friendly price tag but there's a catch

Of the five monitors in this round-up, Samsung U28E590DS is the only model with an ultra high-definition (also known as 4K) resolution. Its rivals have a screen resolution of 2,560 x 1,440 pixels or fewer.

Yet, it is one of the more affordable monitors at $899. Only the BenQ XL2730Z is cheaper ($888).

But there is a catch. The Samsung monitor uses a twisted nematic (TN) panel with viewing angles that are not as wide as other displays based on in-plane switching (IPS) technology. The bottom viewing angle is especially bad, with significant colour shift.

Samsung has tried to remedy this inherent weakness in TN displays with an image enhancement feature dubbed Samsung Magic Angle. This feature offers five different profiles, each designed to alleviate the poor viewing angles of the display for specific scenarios. For instance, Group View is intended for multiple viewers while Lean Back tries to improve the viewing experience when looking at the display from below.

In practice, Magic Angle works pretty well - so much so that I could almost forget that this is a monitor with a TN display.

The Samsung scored well in our colour accuracy test. I also like that it comes with a joystick for users to adjust the on-screen display settings. It is easier to use than the usual buttons.

However, you will need a high-end gaming system to get the most out of this monitor. Unlike its rivals, the Samsung has a very limited FreeSync range (40 to 60Hz). This means that unless your game is running between 40 and 60 frames per second, it will not benefit from FreeSync. To achieve such consistent frame rates in the latest games at 3,840 x 2,160 pixels requires a powerful computer, such as one with dual graphics cards.

It is not a deal-breaker if you have a high-end system, but keep this in mind if you are buying the monitor solely for the FreeSync feature. Other flaws that may put you off: The monitor lacks pivot and swivel functionality and it also has no USB ports.

Reverse-Christianity responsible. Instead of submitting to God:
“One of the reasons why I believe that we are so enamored with warfare is because it is at the gut level, the extension of us declaring ourselves as God over other human beings.”
– Carl Teichrib on Caravan to Midnight, Ep. 363, 9/2/15
Transcribed by Jeff Fenske
Related:

Ron Paul: Christian Just War Theory — “Evidently, I have been reading a different Bible. I remember something about ‘Blessed are the Peacemakers'”

Rand Paul: Some ‘Christians’ are “Too Eager for War” — “Jesus stood up in a different sort of way … ‘Blessed are the peacemakers’ not ‘blessed are the war-makers’”

Ron Paul’s Biggest Eye-Opener: ‘Christian’ Evangelicals Pushing Preemptive War in the Name of Spreading Christian ‘Love’

(video) Ron Paul Booed by Reverse-Christian Debate Audience for Endorsing the Golden Rule

EVANGELICALS’ LEGACY: Biggest WARMONGERS! – 2005-6 Gallup Poll: Protestants and Frequent Churchgoers Most Supportive of Iraq War — Least supportive are non-Christians and people with no religion
(audio/video) Was Jesus Booed In SC? Debate Reaction On The Robert Scott Bell Show 1/17/12 | Ron Paul Booed by ‘Christian’ Conservatives for Endorsing the Golden Rule
Ron Paul’s Christlike Attitude: Love, Peace & Hope – No *Initiation* of Aggression!

[2011] Ron Paul’s Statement of Faith

‘Just War’ Doctrine Abandoned in America — U.S. Foreign Policy Now Reverse-Christian

Just War and the Iran Crisis
Three Questions for Memorial Day: (1) Can we remember without attributing reasons for war that aren’t in fact the real reasons? (2) Can we remember the innocent victims of war even as we remember those who died while fighting? (3) Can we remember without the “us versus them” factor? — Perhaps if all who died were commemorated…
Chuck Baldwin: Why Do Evangelicals Ignore Ron Paul? | My Opinion

Chuck Baldwin: What Does John Hagee Really Want? — “These WARMONGERING EVANGELICALS beat the war drums; they encourage the young men from their churches to go off and fight these ‘holy’ wars; they WORK TIRELESSLY TO ELECT PRO-WAR POLITICIANS…. Then, the politicians … send the US military to invade, bomb, and KILL HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS of people, the vast majority of whom are innocent people. … ANIMOSITY against the United States is GROWING EXPONENTIALLY; in an effort to keep our country at war, our ECONOMY is being overburdened and overtaxed TO THE POINT OF NO RETURN; in the name of the “War on Terror,” America is on the verge of becoming a giant POLICE STATE; we are INCITING CHINA AND RUSSIA INTO NUCLEAR WAR; and America’s military VETERANS are KILLING THEMSELVES more frequently than are enemy bullets”

Ron Paul: “I’m supporting Chuck Baldwin” & “the most difficult group to recruit has been the evangelicals who supported McCain and his pro-war positions”

The Amazing Ron Paul: Bribe Money — “Wars should not be covert or casual. We absolutely should not be paying off leaders of a country while killing their civilians…. This is not what America is supposed to be about.”

Pat Buchanan: “On foreign policy … Ron Paul and Sarah Palin are on opposite sides completely.” What would Jesus do?

Sarah Palin demonstrates why most evangelicals dissed Ron Paul, who wanted to bring the troops home. ‘Christians’ have two sets of books: one for US and one for THEM (“who don’t deserve rights”). THEY’re not our ‘neighbor’ whom Jesus commanded US to love as much as ourselves. Maybe that’s why most evangelicals refuse to investigate 9/11. If THEY didn’t take down the towers…???

Ron Paul on Evangelical Christians Expected to Be Pro-War All the Time

Ron Paul on what precedes LIBERTY: Life “and I mean all LIFE!”

Ron Paul: “Fascism Comes Wrapped In A Flag, Carrying A Cross”

Ron Paul: Jesus is the Prince of PEACE, Not Preemptive War

Ron Paul’s Christlike Attitude: Love, Peace & Hope – No *Initiation* of Aggression!

Ron Paul Speaks To The Right To Life Foundation

Ron Paul at the Faith & Freedom Coalition Conference: “Life does begin at conception.” — We would like to think all we have to do is elect the right politicians and everything is going to be okay. But the government is a reflection of the people. The people change before the laws change. Morality has a lot to do with legislation.

Lew Rockwell: The Enemy is in Washington. That’s why RON PAUL runs NOT FOR GLORY, not for POWER, not for CONTROL. He runs to dismantle the aperatus in Washington. He wants to stop the war, stop the Fed’s counterfeiting, stop the rip-offs for the big bank, the big corporation, and for Big Pharma.” | CAN RON PAUL WIN? CAN THE ‘CHRISTIANS’ put their DESIRE FOR BLOOD below their desire to have some kind of standard of living…?

“Blessed are the PEACEMAKERS” Ron Paul: Well meaning church people are keeping the “war on drugs” [the war against the CIA’s competition] going, which helps finance the dark side of our government — our own demise!

Vote For Peace – Ron Paul 2012 — “Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called children of God” – Jesus

[Repentance from Power-OVER music video] Golden State: Bombs (End This War/The Ron Paul Song) — “It’s not impossible that we can end this war / Just let your heart explode / It’s not to late for a miracle! — No more lying; No more sighing; I’m still trying, Arms wide open!” | Lets’ be real Christians — “Blessed are the PEACEMAKERS, for they shall be called CHILDREN OF GOD” – Jesus

[Daily Paul comment] The real reason evangelical ‘Christians’ won’t support Ron Paul — “the so called evangelical right wing’s incredible and insatiable lust for war. War is not a family value. War is certainly not a Christian value. … Christ’s views on love and peace and so forth are pretty clearly spelled out. … Many professing Christians will be numbered with the goats on judgement day.”

Sean Stone (Oliver Stone’s son): Should the United States Bomb Iran? Sean Stone returns from Iran — ATTACKING IRAN COULD MAKE THINGS WORSE for ISRAEL!

[Video] 60 Minutes: Meir Dagan, former Israeli CHIEF of MOSSAD tells Lesley Stahl that an AIRSTRIKE anytime soon AGAINST IRAN is premature and COULD LEAD TO *DISASTER*!

Greg Boyd: In the kingdom of God, we are not allowed to have any enemies. All body-bags are equally tragic.

Sarah Palin: U.S. Troops in Iraq Doing God’s Will — “A Task that is From God”
Can Sarah Palin be a real, going-to-heaven Christian?
What is Anchorage’s new statue sitting there thinking? “Why does Alaska still support Sarah Palin, the OPPOSITE OF RON PAUL on foreign interventionism?” — & — “Why did ‘Christians’ in this town vote for George W. Bush, the OPPOSITE OF JESUS on foreign interventionism, TWICE?”
John Hagee calls for a preemptive strike on Iran
Fenske on Chuck Norris’ “Would Jesus Support War?” – ‘A God of War’ & ‘*a* Prince of Peace’

My observation: Satan is using US to take out regimes that oppose his one-world government/anti-Christ reign. Be on God’s side. Don’t follow the crowd; follow Jesus. “Come out from them and be separate,” says God. Be holy. Let’s love!

Alex Jones: Qaddafi is another tyrant the globalists can’t control, so they’re going after him. The globalists are running the whole world and mopping up the final few countries they don’t control. They’re knocking over the old puppets, putting new ones in.

EXCELLENT! Cynthia McKinney: Obama’s So Called Humanitarian Aid to Libya is A Disaster: “The American people are being lied to.” Kadafi was standing in the way of a globalist, Mediterranean states alliance with Europe.

Ron Blessed-are-the-PEACEmakers Paul: U.S. War On Libya Totally UnConstitutional | Jesus: Peacemakers = “Children of God”

Col. Bob Bowman: The immorality they’re foisting on this country — We haven’t been the good guys for a long time. The countries we’ve invaded happen to be the few countries in the world that are not part of the Rothschilds’ banking cartel.

Pastor Chuck Baldwin: Will Evangelicals Ever Admit They Were Duped by Bush?

Reverse-Christian George W. Bush: ‘D___ right’ I personally ordered waterboarding — When will evangelicals admit they were wrong, voting for this known Skull and Bonesman for even his 2nd term?

[Reverse-Christianity] Torture and the American Conscience: Most white ‘Christian’ evangelicals and white Catholics condone torture

President Bush — “Bad Fruits versus Good Fruits” List

Paul’s Elders’ qualifications revisited: What does ‘BLAMELESS’ mean? — Most pastors are biblically disqualified

The Boot-Camp Factor: The Hate & Anger Factory Where Men are Programmed to Kill and Then Become Our Dads?!! Our Pastors?!!!

Michael Franti: Bomb the World (”Power to the Peaceful!”)

Who-Goes-To-Heaven Scriptures — Narrow is the Way | Who are the Children of God?

Press Release From: Aerospace Industries Association 

Although the end of summer indicates the beginning of classes for students across the country, it also signals the kickoff of the world's largest annual student rocketry contest. Registration for the Team America Rocketry Challenge (TARC) is now open for teams of 7-12th grade students through December 4. 

TARC is the U.S. aerospace and defense industry’s flagship program designed to encourage students to pursue study and careers in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). Structured to emulate the aerospace industry's design, fabrication and testing process, TARC requires teams to build and fly a model rocket that meets challenging design requirements and precise targets for altitude and flight duration. 

Each year, TARC's rules and scoring parameters change to challenge the students' ingenuity and encourage a fresh approach to rocket design. This year's rules require teams to build and launch a rocket carrying two raw eggs to 850 feet and return them to Earth unbroken within a flight duration of 44 to 46 seconds. A new requirement this year calls for the eggs to be placed perpendicularly to each other, thus complicating how teams protect the eggs in flight. Damaged eggs disqualify the flight. 

The 100 top-scoring teams from across the country will be invited to compete in the National Finals in Washington D.C. next spring. The winners will then represent America in the International Rocketry Challenge, competing against student teams from the United Kingdom and France at the Farnborough International Airshow near London next July. 

The Aerospace Industries Association and the National Association of Rocketry (NAR) sponsor the annual competition in partnership with NASA, the Department of Defense, the American Association of Physics Teachers and a number of AIA member companies. For additional information on TARC and complete competition results, please visit www.rocketcontest.org. 

// end // 

More news releases and status reports or top stories. 

Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook. 

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.

(Before It's News)  

How did Trump do in the debate? 
 
The verdict varies. But there’s no denying the outspoken Republican front-runner Donald Trump was his typical candid self. 
 
Keep reading for some of Trump’s most memorable comments… 
 
Tags:  2016 presidential election , donald trump , Donald trump debate , GOP debate , GOP debate 2015 , How did Trump do in the Debate , presidential debate , Trump debate 
 
 
To get full access to all Money Morning content, click here 
 
About Money Morning: Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free . Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. 
 
Disclaimer: © 2015 Money Morning and Money Map Press. All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201. 
 
 
The post appeared first on Money Morning – We Make Investing Profitable .

CHICAGO – Sept. 28, 2015 – An influx of storm-chasing contractors may be indirectly pushing up home insurance prices in areas where they operate. These contractors often knock on homeowners' doors and say they need a new roof or siding due to wind and hail damage – all cosmetic damage repairs that may not be necessary. Fixing it may help a home look better, but it won't function better. 
 
Home insurance companies often classify dents, dimples and dings in roof vents, shingles or aluminum siding as "cosmetic damage" to a property, says Billy Van Jura, an insurance broker in Poughkeepsie, N.Y. 
 
"When several claims for this type of work are submitted in a single region, the price everyone pays (including those who haven't filed a claim) can increase because the insurer sees the region as having greater risk of additional claims," an article at realtor.com® cautions. "There's nothing you can do about a widespread storm that damages several homes in your area and ultimately raises everyone's rates." 
 
However, "you can help curb your own annual home insurance costs with a little-known option called 'cosmetic damage exclusion." 
 
The American Association of Insurance Services created the cosmetic damage exclusion in 2013. Its goal is to protect consumers from scammers and attempt to keep home insurance rates more affordable by making cosmetic damage coverage optional. 
 
Homeowners can then decide if they want to pay for cosmetic-only wind and hail damage. If the damage impacts the safety or structural functionality of the home, the home insurance policy kicks in. 
 
By adding this exclusion to cosmetic damage, homeowners stand to save money on their annual premiums – anywhere from $100 to $200 or more, says Troy Thompson, an independent insurance broker with Pinnacle Insurance Agency in Coon Rapids, Minn. 
 
Hail and wind damage claims alone contribute to about 40 percent of all home insurance claims in the last five years, according to the Insurance Information Institute. And many of those claims may be for minor cosmetic repairs, such as a few nicks in the siding that homeowners may be told are more urgent than they actually are. 
 
Homeowners who remain covered for cosmetic damage may submit a claim, but they may also have to pay applicable deductibles, insurance agents say. 
 
Source: "The Money-Saving Home Insurance Option No One Will Ever Tell You About," realtor.com® (Sept. 23, 2015) 
 
© Copyright 2015 INFORMATION, INC. Bethesda, MD (301) 215-4688 
 

Friday, Sept 25th - Astro Alert 
Pluto in Capricorn - Out of Retrograde

What part of your life has been difficult, challenging and for some even downright frightening over the last five months?Early Friday morning, Pluto in Capricorn, the planet of transformation, that represents our shadow-self, is finally coming to a halt today, after being in Retrograde for 5 long months, (April 16th - Sept.25th) Pluto will be in this place through October 8th, and then will be back to its normal pace.

This has been a hard one for many of us. While Pluto was in Retrograde it helped us connect to ourselves in a deep dark way. It put us through harsh lessons and forced us to deal with issues around what empowers or disempowers us from the inside out. We have been shown and made to deal with issues around our own personal power in some very important areas of our lives, such as with money, our health, jobs and relationships!

Hopefully, we have learned down this darker path more about our shadow-self and what we are truly deeply passionate about and obsessed over. This Pluto Retrograde phase forced us to look at our behaviors and patterns, through some hard lesson and learn what we do that hurts us and take our power away!

Ask yourself what you are allowing to steal your joy? What are you doing or not doing to take care of yourself, in one way or another? This is all about what part of our lives have been the most challenging over the last 5 months, and what's situations made us feel like we had no control or power in. We've also probably either experienced what makes us feel powerful and back in control, or at the very least have an idea of what will help us to change. Over these last 5 months we've had to learn how to be honest with who we are and embrace all of who we are, the good, bad and ugly!

Now is the time to prove what we can do, and let go of any habits, behaviors, or fears that have held us back from fully being living our true potential. Whatever you've been through or learned during this Pluto Retrograde phase about your passion, inner strength or souls path...is now ready to be realized out in the world. The deep connection we made with ourselves over these last 5 months has been a learning experience, to help you be more authentic with yourself. Get back out there and work on your long-term goals, that align more so with what you truly want!

Pluto will continue to move slowly as it gets back to its normal pace through Oct. 8th. We may have to deal with some uncomfortable feelings while waiting for this energy to pick up speed again. 
~Ruby 

Reuters     
			Posted:  Monday, September 28, 2015, 8:30 AM    
 
* President says limit to Germany's ability to take refugees 
 
* Government defends handling of record influx 
 
* 14 injured after refugees fight at reception center

 (Adds German government reaction) 
 
By Keith Weir 
   
BERLIN, Sept 28 (Reuters) - Germany's president has warned
that there are limits to how many refugees his country can
absorb as it prepares for as many as 800,000 arrivals this year,
showing growing concern even at the highest level over how to
look after so many newcomers. 
 
"We want to help. We have a big heart. However, there is a
limit to what we can do," President Joachim Gauck, a former
rights activist in communist East Germany, said in a speech on
Sunday evening. 
 
"Our ability to take in people is limited, although we don't
know yet where those limits are," he added. 
 
The comments from the head of state, who has a largely
ceremonial role but whose words carry moral authority, appeared
to be striking a more cautious tone than Chancellor Angela
Merkel who has said Germany can cope with the record influx. 
 
The government declined to respond directly to Gauck's
comments, reflecting political convention, but defended its
handling of the situation. 
 
"The German government and the chancellor are convinced that
protection has to be given to those who need it, whether they
are persecuted for political reasons or fleeing war," said
government spokesman Steffen Seibert. 
 
The debate came amid signs of growing tension among asylum
seekers, part of a wave of mass migration into the European
Union from the Middle East and parts of Africa. 
 
Fourteen people were injured on Sunday when a brawl broke
out between two rival groups in a refugee center in the western
German town of Calden, police said. The refugees were being
housed in tents set up on a disused airfield. 
 
A union representing German police officers has suggested
that refugees should be divided according to their religion to
try to reduce the risk of conflict. 
 
Germany has reintroduced border controls with EU neighbors
to try to regulate the flow of people after initially throwing
open its doors to refugees from Syria. 
 
The central government also agreed last week to give its 16
regional states around 4 billion euros ($4.5 billion) next year
to help cover the cost of looking after refugees. 
 
"The German government stands by its decision to now
introduce signs of order into the process for the arrival and
the admission of refugees," Seibert added. 
 
Merkel's popularity has dropped sharply over her handling of
the refugee crisis, two polls showed at the weekend, indicating
a shift in the mood in the Europe Union's most populous country.
  

 (Additional reporting by Tina Bellon; Editing by Noah Barkin
and Alison Williams)

Columbia, MD -- (SBWIRE) -- 09/04/2015 -- When in the eye of the public, men and women want to express a self-image that defines them and expresses their lifestyle. At the Hair Connoisseur's Salon, LLC, achieving self-image is at the core of their upscale hair services. The salon is owned and operated by well-renowned master hair stylist Tamara Taylor Dugué, who specializes in high-end hair services that derive from her extensive background working with top professionals of the industry, such as Pizzazz and Warren Tricomi. Her experiential hair techniques allow her to create the self-image her high-end clientele desire.

PRWeb 
The Washington County Board of County Commissioners is deploying an international economic development project mission to Janghueng County, Korea, as part of a business opportunity slated to bring more than 100 jobs to the region. 

Washington County Government representatives will embark on a six-day trade mission that includes meetings with two potential firms interested in locating establishments in Washington County, Maryland and establish a Sister County relationship with Jangheung County. 
   
"We're adamant about nurturing a business environment supportive of local and international business," said Gregory B. Murray, county administrator. "These meetings are a continuation of growth and retention efforts already under way to ensure good paying jobs for our citizens." 

From the prospective businesses looking to expand, the County could see a minimum return of $40,000 in income and property tax per year, Transfer and Recordation Tax of more than $14,870, Excise Tax at a minimum of $5,000. 

During the economic development project trip, Washington County officials will work to develop a Sister County relationship with Jangheung County. The six-day agenda includes meetings with: 

Traditional Korean Medicine Institute (already a University of Maryland partner) Chonbuk Clinical Trail Center for Functional Foods Korean National Assembly Members 
Economic development missions of this nature have previously been conducted by Montgomery County in 2012 and resulted in the arrival of eight companies from the Chuncheongbuk Province. 

For additional information contact Public Relations and Community Affairs Manager James Jenkins at 240-313-2384. 

### 

About Washington County, Maryland Government 
Washington County, Maryland Government strives to fulfill its duty to the citizens of Washington County with regard to operational efficiency, fiscal responsibility, and responsiveness to the needs of the community. This vision is used to ably assist the Board of County Commissioners of Washington County in achieving goals for moving the County forward as present needs and future plans are addressed. 

According to the Maryland Department of Legislative Services, the Washington County General Fund has one of the lowest costs per capita for services provided of all 23 counties and Baltimore City. This is attributed to the efficiency, staffing levels, and cost containment exhibited in Washington County Government operations. Visit http://www.washco-md.net for more information. 

Get Connected and See Updates 
Twitter:  Follow us on Twitter @WashingtonCoMD 
Facebook: Like on Facebook at WashingtonCountyMD 
YouTube:  Watch on WashingtonCountyMD 

Read the full story at http://www.prweb.com/releases/2015/10/prweb12992739.htm 
PRWeb.com

Joseph Tsang, 31, fled UK partway through rape and sex assault trial Claims he dressed as a woman and used sister's passport at Heathrow Schoolfriend who met him in Hong Kong decided to call Mail on Sunday Newspaper helped set up sting which saw Tsang arrested and in court        
Sting: Tsang is pictured above on a Hong Kong street, before he was ensnared in a sting facilitated by the Mail on Sunday 

A paedophile rapist who fled Britain on the eve of his trial for horrific sex attacks on underage girls has been arrested in Hong Kong in a dramatic ‘honey trap’ sting set up by The Mail on Sunday. 

Armed Interpol officers swooped on Joseph Tsang, who has been on the run since mid-August, after he was lured out of hiding with the promise of a date with a teenage girl on Friday night. 

This newspaper can also exclusively reveal that the 31-year-old claims he skipped Britain by disguising himself as a woman and using his sister’s passport, raising alarming questions about security at Heathrow Airport. 

He told school friend Alex O’Neill – who lives in Hong Kong – he was ‘terrified’ as he boarded a Hong Kong-bound flight and spent the flight with a hat over his face. 

Tsang started exchanging Facebook messages with O’Neill and his girlfriend, Stephanie Velenzuela, soon after his escape. 

They visited him in his hideaway in a high-rise apartment block before deciding to contact The Mail on Sunday for help to turn him in. 

We put O’Neill in touch with police in the UK and Hong Kong, but there was a tense week-long wait before an extradition order could be processed to enable Tsang’s arrest. 

Finally, hours after the extradition order was approved in Hong Kong, Tsang was lured out of his hideaway after Stephanie, 22, texted him promising to bring a teenage friend to meet him at a local McDonald’s. 
 
As he stepped out of a lift with O’Neill, the armed team pounced, pinning him to the floor and handcuffing him when he tried to swing a punch at one officer to escape. 

Yesterday, Tsang was in a detention centre awaiting extradition to Britain, where he has been convicted of raping girls aged 14 and 15 and making indecent images of a child. 
   
Led away: Tsang wore a black hood as international police escorted him to a holding cell from which UK authorities will order his extradition 

The IT professional – an accomplished ice skater who in 2009 appeared alongside Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean on ITV’s Dancing On Ice – fled Britain last month just days before his second sex offences trial. 

He was convicted in his absence of two counts of rape and two counts of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl whom he groomed on Facebook before driving her to a hotel in Portsmouth in December 2011. 

In an earlier trial in January, Tsang was convicted of one count of making indecent images of children, two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and three counts of sexual activity with a child. 

Oxford Crown Court heard he lured a 14-year-old girl to his home in Oxford in 2012 to sexually abuse and take photos of her. 
  
Escape: Tsang, left, claims he escaped the UK by using a passport belonging to his sister Josephine, right, and disguising himself as a woman 

Tsang absconded after he was released on bail with the condition he wear an electronic ankle tag and surrender his UK passport. 

When he fled, Tsang – who has dual nationality – entered Hong Kong using his electronic ID card. He initially planned to ask to serve his jail term in Hong Kong. ‘He was desperate not to serve a jail term in the UK because he said he would be singled out and beaten up as a sex offender there,’ O’Neill said. 

However, when a lawyer in Hong Kong told him he must serve his term in the UK, Tsang considered fleeing to the nearby Chinese gambling resort of Macau, which has no UK extradition treaty, or slipping into Thailand on a false passport. 

He eventually decided to stay in hiding in Hong Kong and around ten days ago moved into an unfurnished 28th floor flat in the city’s Ap Lei Chau district. 
   
Skater: Tsang is circled above in Dancing On Ice, which he appeared on in 2009 alongside Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean 

O’Neill – who makes a living selling electronic goods on eBay – said: ‘Joey was a nice guy but when I saw him this time, he wasn’t the guy I used to know. He seemed to have gone a bit crazy. When he spoke about the UK cases, he said he did have sex with the girls but insisted it wasn’t rape.’ 

Stephanie said: ‘When we went to see him, he was always asking me for girls and looking at the girls on my Facebook page and saying, “Set me up with her”. He was creepy.’ 

O’Neill stayed in daily contact with police in the UK and Hong Kong as he continued visiting Tsang while an extradition order was drawn up. 

Tsang, meanwhile, grew increasingly paranoid, using binoculars to watch for police cars and monitoring the internet for news of the manhunt for him. Yesterday, Tsang appeared in a Hong Kong court where he was remanded in custody. A lawyer representing him said he would contest extradition. 

Tory MP Nicola Blackwood, for Oxford West and Abingdon, said last night: ‘Tsang inflicted a living nightmare on his victims but ran like a coward when he faced justice. I want to thank The Mail on Sunday for their help. It is going to make a big difference to the victims.’ 

A Home Office spokesman said Tsang’s sister’s passport was clean and therefore did not arouse suspicion at Heathrow because he was not on a flight risk database. 

She added: ‘Ultimately it is an airline’s responsibility to check a passport matches the person travelling.’ 

A spokesman for Heathrow Airport said: ‘We do not comment on security matters.’

Seth Russell threw for 376 yards and five touchdowns and also ran for a score to help fourth-ranked Baylor open the season with a 56-21 victory at SMU on Friday night.The two-time defending Big 12 champion Bears finally got to start fresh after the long, long offseason that followed their playoff snub last season.SMU played its first game for new coach Chad Morris, Clemson's offensive coordinator the past four seasons. The Mustangs, who scored only 12 total points their first four games last season, including a 45-0 loss at Baylor, had 21 points in the first 1 1/2 quarters.Jay Lee had three TD catches for the Bears, who had 723 total yards.Dual-threat quarterback Matt Davis had 166 yards passing and 115 rushing for SMU. But he was sacked on the final play of the first half with the Mustangs at the 3 and down only 28-21. 

WallStreet Scope – Services Volume Movers 
 
Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. ( FOXA ) has changed by 0.06% today (change from open of – .17%) as of 2pm today trading at a volume of 6,684,925 shares.  Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. ( FOXA ) is currently trading at $26.36 with a weekly performance of – 0.83% and off their 52 week low 16.23%.  Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. ( FOXA )’S monthly performance stands at – 5.16% with an analyst rating of 2.10 
 
(Click To Expand Current Stock Data:) 
 
Las Vegas Sands Corp. ( LVS ) of the Services sector (Resorts & Casinos) has changed by -3.52% ( -2.99% since open) at mid-day today.  Las Vegas Sands Corp. ( LVS ) is currently at $41.89, has a market cap of 34,625.28 and is trading at a volume of 5,069,273 shares with a weekly performance of – 7.29%. Las Vegas Sands Corp. ( LVS )’s monthly performance stands at – 8.27% with an analyst rating of 2.40 
 
(Click To Expand Current Stock Data:) 
 
American Airlines Group Inc. ( AAL ) has changed by 0.15% ( -0.17% since opening) at mid-day today with a return on investment of 19.40%.  American Airlines Group Inc. ( AAL ) is currently trading at $41.25 with a weekly performance of – 3.40%.  American Airlines Group Inc. ( AALSe )’s monthly performance stands at  3.62% with an analyst rating of 2.10 
 
(Click To Expand Current Stock Data:) 
 
DryShips, Inc. ( DRYS ) of the Services sector has changed by -9.14% (-9.14% since opening) at mid-day today. DryShips, Inc. ( DRYS ) is at $0.19, a change of – 9.14% with a weekly performance of -4.55%. DryShips, Inc. ( DRYS )’s monthly performance stands at -40.00% with an analyst rating of 3.70 
 
(Click To Expand Current Stock Data:) 
 
Carnival Corporation ( CCL ) of the Services sector has changed by 2.95% (moving 1.12% since opening) so far today. Carnival Corporation ( CCL ) currently sits at $51.26 with a weekly performance of- 4.140%. Carnival Corporation ( CCL )’s monthly performance stands at  2.91% with an analyst rating of 2.20 
 
(Click To Expand Current Stock Data

SATURDAY at 4:30  HUMANITY SATURDAY  Saturday church was hopping this past week, with close to 50 in attendance, and some 14 children in Saturday School! This Saturday Christie’s theme will center around our role as caretakers of planet earth. Stay after for a Pizza Party, as we celebrate Family School Scholarship Weekend.         SUNDAY at 10:00  FAMILY SCHOOL SCHOLARSHIP SUNDAY  Sunday we will be considering the night sky, the billions of billions of stars, the possibility of living like shining stars, and the chance to celebrate scholarships for students at the Family School.   

A question has been asked regarding yesterday's picture of a pack of espresso beans. And it's a fair cop, as neither photograph nor the bag of coffee shown were large enough.
No sleep tonight I think. Anyway, over to you Steve:

A BIG criticism of Mark Cooper’s play-off final-losing side last season was they only had one way to win a game. 
 
The manager often explained this was because of the players he had and using a system that best suited their abilities. 
 
To some extent this season, he has either demonstrated a willingness to work with multiple systems or he feels he has more tactically astute players. Given the relative experience of the players he has now and the ones departed, you would surmise it is probably the latter. 
 
Cooper admitted on Saturday that a difference in formation is often as little as a five-yard tweak, but in the context of the win at Crewe, it was important. 
 
In the first half, Town started with a 4-2-3-1. James Brophy, making his second senior start, was pushed forward into the advanced left-wing position and Nicky Ajose was given the task on the right. 
 
It was not very successful. Brophy struggled to get forward as he too often had to help out Brandon Ormonde-Ottewill, who was having a poor game against Ryan Colclough. Eventually, Brophy was moved into defence. 
 
With just two central midfielders to link play between attack and defence, Swindon actually struggled to dominate the ball. 
 
At half-time, the Town boss accepted he would not be able to control the midfield with the players he had available and instead opted to utilise his forwards' ability on the break. 
 
Ormonde-Ottewill’s injury was a blessing in disguise. Brophy dealt much better with Colclough and Cooper used the opportunity to switch to a 4-4-2 diamond, with youngster Tom Smith coming on to provide more energy in midfield. 
   
 Share article  
   
Though Town ceded control of midfield and spent more time defending, they looked a more potent attacking force with Nicky Ajose and Wes Thomas paired together up front. 
 
Chances came when they stretched Crewe’s defence with balls in behind, but it was also the ability of the two strikers to harry their opponents and win the ball high up the pitch that created chances.

This weekends High School Football features district openers for Victoria East and West. Corpus Christi Moody visit  Victoria East, 7:30 p.m and Victoria West at Flour Bluff, 7:30 p.m.    Austin St... 
 
Continue reading…

This report discusses the growing market for streaming media devices as new entrants join the party and expand the entertainment ecosystem. It examines the future strategies for the two major streaming media device form...

I had my annual doctor's visit today. All is well and my OB/GYN was thrilled to hear that I'm on WW and attending meetings. She said something that really struck me. She said, "We are all a work in progress, my dear." So true. 
So that got me to thinking about September and the progress I want to see when the month comes to a close. In the past, that would have been easy. I would have picked some arbitrary "lost this amount of weight" number and set that as my goal. This time I around, I've learned. I need to find success and joy in more than the scale. I need to find it in new habits and my commitment to a way of life. That said, here are my commitments for September: 

1)  Stop stressing myself out on weigh-in days! I go to a Tuesday evening meeting after work. For weeks, I've struggled with trying to figure out how much I can eat and drink throughout the day so that it doesn't throw my weigh-in off. Do any of you struggle with this? This month, I'm going to focus on consistent days, not numbers on the scale. No more Tuesday stress. 

2) Enjoy the transition to fall by getting outside to exercise! I love fall. The sights, the smells, the activities, the return to comfy sweaters and other comfy clothes. I'm going to take in every moment and try to incorporate at least one outdoor workout into my weekly routine. Last night, my daughter and I walked three miles. It was her first day back to school and I spent the entire 45 minutes talking with her about her day, her friends, her life. It was priceless and I am definitely going to do it again soon! 

3) Finding joy in NSVs! I'm a big scale watcher. I weigh myself twice a day and I've always used that number as my "go to" measure of success. This month, I'm going to focus on other things. Did I track all week (and I mean EVERY bite)? Do these pants fit better? Can I walk further/stay on the elliptical longer without feeling so tired? The scale will drop if I keep working hard. It won't be on my timeline maybe, but that's okay as long as I'm seeing progress. 

So, here's to September and making it a great time to shape up and slim down!

Just what Sherlock needed after his relapse: to come face-to-face with his daddy issues. When  Elementary  returns this fall, Sherlock ( Jonny Lee Miller ) will be dealing with the aftermath of his relapse in last season's finale. One of the consequences? His father Morland Holmes, played by John Noble , is coming to New York to check up on his son. Morland is an international consultant who has a lot of power and has amassed a considerable fortune. "He's someone who works from the shadows to help various governments and mega-corps and titans of industry make moves around the globe," creator Rob Doherty tells TVGuide.com. "He has the ear of many important and wealthy and influential people. He has a personality that's very appropriate to that kind of work and those kinds of worlds: He's very stern, very calculating, extremely bright -- but that's probably not a big surprise. Like Sherlock, he's typically a few moves ahead of the people he works with and then [is] able to predict certain behaviors." Check out all this week's Mega Buzz! Whether or not the elder Holmes will try to apply those skills to his son remains to be seen, but Morland will stick his nose into Sherlock's first case back, which is loosely inspired by the canonical story, "The Adventure of Wysteria Lodge." Guest star Patrick Page, whom we met in last season's finale, will reprise the role of Jonathan Bloom, a man with an unsavory history of preying on desperate women who then disappear. This time, however, Bloom will seek out Sherlock for help. "Bloom insists that he is not responsible for the disappearance of at least one of the women," Doherty says. "His wife vanished without a trace five years ago. He's always insisted that he's innocent. He's been in the tabloids quite a bit. So, he approaches Sherlock, engages him and wants Sherlock Holmes to prove that he's innocent of his wife's disappearance." Elementary returns for its fourth season on Thursday, Nov. 4 at 10/9c on CBS. Crave scoop on your favorite TV shows? E-mail questions to mega_scoop@tvguide.com or drop us a line at Twitter.com/TVGuide Page 2 of 2 - (Full disclosure: TVGuide.com is owned by CBS.) Other Links From TVGuide.com

(Before It's News)  
  
Karen Rueda | Catholic News Service 
   
PHILADELPHIA — Experts speaking at a World Meeting of Families session Sept. 24 in Philadelphia told delegates that fertility rates around the world are dropping, and a global demographic shift is taking place. 
 
In one of only four sessions at the international meeting to offer English speakers the opportunity to test out the simultaneous interpretation services provided, a panel representing the entire globe addressed “Family and Demographic Dynamics of the World” in a mixture of English and French. 
 
read more

CONFIRMED: Blatstein buying Showboat Casino in A.C. - Philadelphia Business Journal (blog) :: http://www.bizjournals.com/philadelphia/blog/natalie-kostelni/2015/09/bart-blatstein-showboat-stockton-casion.html?utm_source%3Dfeedburner%26utm_medium%3Dfeed%26utm_campaign%3DFeed%253A%2Bindustry_20%2B(Industry%2BCommercial%2BReal%2BEstate)August hiring slowed as headwinds blew - The San Diego Union-Tribune :: http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/news/2015/sep/18/august-hiring-slowed-headwinds-china-fed-rates/Courts call the shots for budget-less Illinois - Reuters :: http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/09/18/usa-illinois-budget-idINL1N11L1F720150918Despite Mideast worries over cheap global oil prices, more regional crude may ... - Fox Business :: http://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/2015/09/19/despite-mideast-worries-over-cheap-global-oil-prices-more-regional-crude-may/Leaked document shows profit sharing, pay raises part of UAW-FCA deal - MLive.com :: http://www.mlive.com/auto/index.ssf/2015/09/leaked_document_shows_profit_s.htmlUnemployment Rates Drop in the Bay Area, All of California - NBC Bay Area :: http://www.nbcbayarea.com/news/local/Unemployment-Rates-Drop-in-the-Bay-Area-All-of-California--328378191.htmlIRS says Coca-Cola owes $3.3 billion in back taxes - Fox News Latino :: http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/news/2015/09/19/irs-says-coca-cola-owes-33-billion-in-back-taxes/Fed's decision on interest rates was a 'close call' - Fortune :: http://fortune.com/2015/09/19/interest-rates-federal-reserve/Fed Officials Make Case for 2015 Liftoff After September Hold - Bloomberg :: http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-19/fed-officials-make-case-for-2015-liftoff-after-september-holdCable firms offer alternatives to the bloated bundle - Salt Lake Tribune :: http://www.sltrib.com/home/2969481-155/story.html

Jason Ainsley says Spennymoor Town must be wary of a Clitheroe side “full of confidence” as they seek to keep pace at the top of Evo-Stik North. 
 
The Moors are sixth in the table, with two wins and two draws. 
 
Yet they face a Clitheroe side at the Brewery Field today one place and a point above them. 
 
Ainsley said: “Clitheroe are coming here full of confidence after their good start to the season. 
 
“They have already won away from home once this season at Droylsden, which is no mean feat. We have to make sure we win and not drop out of the promotion pack.” 
 
Spenny will be without Glen Taylor (toe), Danny Frost (foot) and Michael Hogganson (appendicitis). 
 
Priestley Keithley has joined on non-contract terms from Middlesbrough and, though frustrated by injuries in his forward ranks, Ainsley is delighted by the form of strikers Liam Henderson and Nathan Fisher. 
 
He added: “We have not had much continuity because of the injuries. 
 
“Frosty has only played 18 minutes of the first game and Glen injured his toe at home but their (Henderson and Fisher’s) workrate and commitment have been excellent and they will probably start against Clitheroe.”

Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. 
												If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ .

 Tom Thompson, Canadian Painter This is based on a black and white photo of Thomson about 100 years ago, probably not long before he drowned at the age of 40.  Acrylic on Wood Panel - 10" x 8" - ©Bruce Docker, 2015 $150.00  Free Shipping in U.S.   International shipping is only slightly more, but please,  Email me for details at brucedocker at yahoo dot com.  It's probably not more than about $20.00 to ship to Canada or Europe.

2015 NXN NW Post-Race Interviews (0) 

2015 NXN NW Race Highlights (0) 

2014 NXN NW Race Highlights (0) 

2014 NXN NW Post-Race Interviews (0) 

2014 Bob Firman Race Highlights (0) 

2014 Bob Firman Post-Race Interviews (1) 

2013 NXN NW Races (0) 

2013 NXN NW Post-Race Interviews (0) 

2013 Bob Firman Races (0) 

2013 Bob Firman Post-Race Interviews (0) 

2012 NXN NW Post-Race Interviews (0) 

2012 NXN NW Race Highlights (0) 

2012 NXN Post-Race Interviews (0) 

2012 Bob Firman Interviews (0) 

2011 NXN NW Interviews (0) 

2011 NXN NW Races (0) 

2011 Bob Firman Invitational (0) 

2010 NXN NW Races (0) 

2010 NXN NW Interviews (0) 

2010 Bob Firman Invitational (0) 

2009 NXN NW (0) 

2008 NXN NW (0) 

Jace Hymas 3rd Place - Bob Firman Invitational 2015(Length: 01:20 |Views: 13) 

Featured (0) 

Videos 

Jace Hymas 3rd Place - Bob Firman Invitational 2015 

Published by 

KCHS Broadcasting Capital High School   Today, 3:23pm 

DII Boys Varsity Race 

Like·Comment·Share·E-mail·13 views 

Post to: 

Post as: 

0 shares:Bob Firman Invitational, KCHS Broadcasting Capital High School 

0 likes: 

0 comment(s) 

History for KCHS Broadcasting Capital High School 

Year 

Videos 

News 

Photos 

Blogs 

2015 

2014 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2008 

Hashtags:#bob-firman #bob-firman-invite #kchs #broadcasting #capital #high #school #video #production #telon

Clive Palmer's former friend says he believed the mining billionaire would deliver on a promised $5 million job offer even though the sum wasn't in his contract. 

Bill Schoch is suing Mr Palmer and two Palmer companies for $4.6 million, claiming he was tricked into signing a "sham" contract that cut his $5 million salary over five years to a substantially smaller figure. 

Mr Schoch told the Brisbane Supreme Court on Monday that in June 2011 Mr Palmer personally offered him $1 million per year for five years to work for him, but later his contract stated just $100,000 per year. 

Next to the figure Mr Schoch added "plus bonus as agreed", which made Mr Palmer's human resources staff laugh. 

"I didn't care whether they laughed or not because it was a deal that I had with Clive, who I'd known for 40 years, and that was it," Mr Schoch told the first day of a civil trial.

News Features Interviews Masks Technique Training Gear Directories Goalie Schools and Coaches Eli Wilson Goaltending Gold in the Net Hockey Schools Magic Goalie Development Elite Goalies Mitch Korn’s Goalie School Bandits Goalie School Stop-It Goaltending Janosz School of Goaltending Above the Crease Goaltending M.E.G.A. Goaltending PROTEK Goaltending School The Goalie Club Gear Manufacturers Brian’s Custom Sports Goal Equipment Reebok / CCM Goal Equipment Vaughn Custom Sports Goalie Equipment Warrior Goal Equipment Equipment Retailers Goal Mask Artists Goal Mask Makers Islanders And Poulin Agree On One-Year, Two-Way Contract Top 50 NHL Goaltending Prospects for 2015-2016 Capitals Peters Undergoes ‘Successful’ Knee Surgery By Rob McGregor On August 12, 2015 · Add Comment Justin Peters in action. (InGoal photo by Scott Slingsby) Washington Capitals’ netminder Justin Peters went under the knife on Monday, a procedure the club called “successful.” In a brief news release Washington said Peters underwent surgery on his left knee and they expected the 28-year old to be ready for training camp, though an official start date has not been announced. The Capitals first preseason game is against Florida on September 21st. Peters’ agent Jordan Neumann told the Washington Post Peters had been rehabilitating a sore knee that did not improve as expected, so they opted for surgery. “I would expect he’s doing everything in full gear, taking shots prior to the start of training camp,” Neumann said. “We expect him to be a full participant on day one of camp.” Peters played just 12 games for Washington last season – his first with the club after joining from Carolina – going 3-6-1 with a .881 save percentage and 3.25 goals against average. The Blyth, Ontario native is entering the final season of a two-year, one-way contract worth $950,000, and will be an unrestricted free agent next summer. he is expected to compete with German prospect Phillip Grubauer for the backup role behind recently re-signed No.1 Braden Holtby. Grubauer was selected ahead of Peters during the Eastern Conference quarter finals, when starter Braden Holtby was sidelined due to illness ahead of Game 2, and the 23-year old is considered a bright goaltending prospect. Grubauer’s emergence and new one-way contract suggest Peters may be AHL bound this season, but a return in time for training camp will at least allow him to compete for the backup role after a disappointing first year with the club. Share → Tweet	Join the Goalie Workout Club!	Subscribe Join over 35,000 readers getting updates from InGoal Magazine	Email Address* First Name Last Name * = required field	Preferred Format HTML Text Popular Posts	Get a flavour of InGoal with some of our most popular pieces:Complete Guide to Professional Goalie’s Gear Setup and CustomizationIslanders Dipietro dons Osgood’s old mask to protect shattered faceHalak honors Slovakian teammate Demitra with new maskHow do the NHL, AHL and ECHL Differ – a Goalie’s PerspectiveThomas answers questions on equipment, patience and techniqueGatorade Sport Science Research – Fluid Loss in GoaliesMason pumped about Winnipeg, new Jets Mask with Iron Maiden Mascot

Home > Article  

        VOL. 39 | NO. 37 | Friday, September 11, 2015 
   
                By Ann M. Job | For the Associated Press  Updated 12:52PM   
Don’t let the Pilot’s new, sleek look fool you. Honda’s largest sport utility vehicle is bigger than ever on the inside, particularly in its third-row seats. 
 
Revamped from roof to tires, the 2016 Pilot shed its boxy exterior and upgraded its interior while adding features and power and is now capable of generating 280 horsepower from its re-engineered and noticeably refined V-6 engine. 
 
It also shed weight, putting this more powerful Pilot at the top in fuel mileage among large three-row gasoline-powered 2016 SUVs. The front-wheel drive 2016 Pilot with a new nine-speed automatic transmission is rated by the federal government at 20 mpg in city driving and 27 mpg on the highway. 
 
There’s even a new top-of-the-line Pilot Elite that comes standard with 20-inch wheels, leather seats and spacious second-row captain’s chairs, as well as the latest safety equipment and luxury-car features like a heated steering wheel. 
 
The starting manufacturer’s suggested retail price, including destination charge, for the 2016 Pilot is $30,875 for a base LX model with front-wheel drive. The lowest starting retail price, including destination charge, for an all-wheel drive Pilot LX is $32,675. 
 
The new Elite model, which has standard all-wheel drive, is priced at $47,300. 
 
The Pilot’s 3.5-liter V-6 engine adds direct injection to help boost horsepower by 30 over last year’s model. Torque is increased by 9, to 262 foot-pounds at 4,700 rpm, and the test-driven model zoomed forward and merged into traffic with surprising ease. 
 2016 Honda Pilot AWD Elite  
BASE PRICE: $29,995 for FWD LX; $31,795 for AWD LX; $32,430 for FWD EX; $34,230 for AWD EX; $35,905 for FWD EX-L; $37,705 for AWD EX-L; $41,020 for FWD Touring; $42,820 for AWD Touring; $46,420 for AWD Elite. 
 
PRICE AS TESTED: $42,225. 
 
TYPE: Front-engine, all-wheel drive, seven-passenger, large sport utility vehicle. 
 
ENGINE: 3.5-liter, single overhead cam, direct injection V-6 with i-VTEC and variable cylinder management. 
 
MILEAGE: 19 mpg (city), 26 mpg (highway). 
 
TOP SPEED: NA. 
 
LENGTH: 194.5 inches. 
 
WHEELBASE: 111 inches. 
 
CURB WEIGHT: 4,317 pounds. 
 
BUILT AT: Lincoln, Ala. 
 
OPTIONS: None. 
 
DESTINATION CHARGE: $880. 
 
The Associated Press 

With the nine-speed transmission, which is only available on the Touring and Elite models and was in the test-driven Pilot Elite, the engine is surprisingly quiet and vibration-free. Lower trim levels get the carryover six-speed automatic, which reduces fuel mileage numbers by 1 mpg. 
 
It’s easy for a driver to forget just how large the new Pilot is because at more than 16 feet long, it feels remarkably light. The lighter weight - now starting at just over 4,000 pounds - and stiffer structure make the 2016 Pilot feel solid and stable but not ponderous. 
 
The test-driven model was quiet inside and its supple leather seats and steering wheel wrap, soft-touch interior plastics, side-door sunscreens and 8-inch touchscreen display added to its luxurious feel. The big screen crisply displayed the view from the Pilot’s backup camera. 
 
The Elite also comes standard with a panoramic roof and four USB ports, and passengers marveled that so many luxury features could come with a Honda SUV. 
 
The ride was comfortable, with the large SUV maintaining a smooth ride as it drove over bumps in the road. And its large, 20-inch wheels didn’t transmit any heaviness to those inside. 
 
A new one-touch feature helps passengers get into the third-row seat. Just push a button and a second-row seat automatically tilts and slides to its forward-most position. The second-row seat then can return to its midpoint setting. 
 
The Pilot’s third row is easier to access because the step-in is 1.2 inches lower and 2.5 inches wider than before. The third row also has a new, three-position recline feature, and the 38.9 inches of headroom back there is more than what’s in the back seat of a Toyota Camry. The Pilot’s 31.9 inches of third-row legroom can accommodate adults and surpasses what’s in the Kia Sorento and Toyota Highlander third rows. 
 
The 2016 Pilot can tow up to 5,000 pounds. Every model comes with six airbags, antilock brakes, brake-assist and electronic stability control. Top trim levels of Touring and Elite add the latest forward collision and lane departure warning and collision mitigation system, among other things. 
 
In July, 1,358 new Pilots were recalled because third-row seatbelts might be trapped between the seat and sideliner, making them difficult to use.

Residents threw garbage at a United National Congress (UNC) entourage and chased its candidate Raziah Ahmed, former Senate President and acting President of T&T, out of Ramsaran Street, San Fernando yesterday during a walkabout in the marginal constituency of San Fernando West. 
 
Police were called in even though Ahmed said she was in no way threatened by the disgruntled residents.  
 
As a banner of People’s National Movement (PNM) candidate Faris Al-Rawi fluttered in the wind, the residents said they did not want to see any politician at election time because of the “gimmicks.” 
 
Natalie Des Vignes, from Ramsaran Street apartments, who contested the local government elections on an Independent Liberal Party (ILP) ticket last year, said they were unhappy with the UNC. 
 
“We fight in the last elections with Carolyn Seepersad-Bachan and she give us nothing. We don’t even have a Cepep contract here to clean the place. We, the residents, have to chip up every month to raise money to cut the yard,” Des Vignes said. The lawn outside the apartment buildings was littered with beer bottles and other debris. 
 
She added, “We have no work here and we don’t mind getting a few contracts because people here cannot even afford to buy food.” 
 
Another resident, who requested anonymity, said, “We don’t want to see the UNC here. All they doing is passing and waving. What they feel this is a beauty contest? Children hungry here and the only way we will welcome them inside here is if they treat us better.” 
 
A third resident added, “Kamla need to come here to Embacadere and meet with us. Come and check the youths, don’t send anybody else.” 
 
Meanwhile, Vicky Ramlogan, who was part of Ahmed’s entourage said police were called in when the residents started to get unruly. 
 
“They should not get on so because people have a right to vote for whoever they want. This is a democracy,” Ramlogan said.  
 
He added that the residents threw their garbage at the entourage, without any care for the environment. 
 
Ahmed said yesterday that it was the first time that she received such a response during her walkabouts. 
 
“People came out on the road and started to shout. We continued to walk. I didn’t hear what they were saying,” she said. 
 
Asked whether she was getting a negative response from the San Fernando West constituents, Ahmed responded, “The feeling we are getting is that some people clearly supports us and there are others who clearly do not support us. This is the first street where we got that response. We haven’t had this kind of situation before where people are getting on with themselves. I don’t know what their problem is but we are here to bring service to the people.” Police continued patrols in the area up to press time but there were no incidents of violence.

South Street Seaport enjoyed this summer’s taste of food hall life so much, it’s invited Jean-Georges Vongerichten to create a permanent seafood-themed emporium. 

The three Michelin-starred chef known for upscale fare will loosen his apron for a 40,000-square-foot food hall to open at the end of 2017, according to Steve Cuozzo of the NY Post. Vongerichten is also creating a casual restaurant on Pier 17, which will open sometime in 2017. 

RELATED: What's new at the reopened Queens Night Market, now in Jamaica 

The market will be more like Le District than Gansevoort Market , with a Vongerichten wonderland of chowder, sushi and raw bars driven by nostalgia for Fulton Street Fish Market, which moved uptown to the Bronx. The seafront restaurant will also be low-key instead of fine dining, with a quarter of its square footage devoted to a patio. 

Other upcoming food hall projects in the works include Danny Meyer’s Hudson Yards behemoth , while Anthony Bourdain is looking to colonize the “SuperPier” on the west side with a 100,000-square-foot dystopian Asian-style market . A new branch of Eataly is also set to open downtown this winter.

Family Day Trip to a Kid-Friendly Long Island Winery Sep 22 2015 By Stephanie Ogozalek Apples and pumpkins aren't the only things ripe for the tasting on Long Island this fall harvest season. The bucolic North Fork is home to many family-friendly wineries that make for great day trips. Adults can indulge in a variety of fine vintages, while children picnic and frolic in the wide-open fields. The gorgeous Sparkling Pointe Winery in Southold, Long Island is a particularly sweet destination for NYC families. Though it's less than two hours by car from Midtown Manhattan, it feels worlds away thanks to its grand opulence and wide selection of sparkling wines. And because it's just a short drive away from many other family attractions, including a working lighthouse and pick-your-own apples, you can make a fun day of it with the kids. The lovely patio overlooking the vineyard at Sparkling Pointe. Start your day with a bit of bubbly at Southold's Sparkling Pointe, the only winery in New York State that solely produces sparkling wines. Order by the glass or sample them all with a grand tasting flight, which is what I usually do (just make sure you have a designated driver). What makes this spot unique is its tasting house (not a room), which is sleek and trendy with Brazilian art adorning the walls and soothing piped-in music. Thanks to the large space and relaxed vibe, it's more of a cafe experience where you can linger, making it perfect for wine tasting with children in tow. Plop down on the low-slung couches around the fireplace or sit on the outdoor patio overlooking the grape vines in warm weather. A dedicated server pours each variety at your table, and you can purchase complementary snacks like locally made cheeses, charcuterie and chocolates that the kids are sure to gobble up. While Sparkling Pointe welcomes kids of all ages, it's smart to bring a small toy or book, or bust out your smartphone for fidgety tots. However, my 10-year-old is always content to sit quietly and savor the snacks. Opened in 2010, this winery is a popular stop on the Long Island wine trail, but if you visit soon after its 11am daily opening on a Saturday or Sunday, or any time on a weekday, you may get the place to yourself. RELATED: More Family-Friendly North Fork Wineries Climb to the top of the Horton Point Lighthouse for stunning views. After you've had your fill, the Horton Point Lighthouse is just a quick five-minute drive away. This working, 19th-century lighthouse has no age or height restrictions, so everyone in your family can try to climb to the top of the 58-foot tower, where you'll be rewarded with panoramic views of the town and the Long Island Sound. There's also a cute nautical museum with various artifacts. The lighthouse is open seasonally on weekends through Columbus Day, but the surrounding eight-acre park is accessible every day year-round. The apples are always within reach at Woodside Orchards. No North Fork autumn getaway is complete without a stop at a local farm. There are several apple-picking places in the area, but my family's favorite is Woodside Orchards in Aquebogue, about a 20-minute drive back toward the city. Woodside's semi-dwarf apple trees are only 10-feet high, so the fruit is low enough for even little kids to pluck right off the branches. Plus the adorable country store sells delicious cider, doughnuts, pies and other baked goods. RELATED: Best Pick-Your-Own Apple Farms on Long Island The ironically named Modern Snack Bar is steeped in nostalgia. Wrap up your day with dinner at Modern Snack Bar, an old-school diner opened way back in 1950. Only a few doors up the road from Woodside, it's easy to find, just look for the awesome retro neon sign. The decor is kitschy and the service friendly at this family-run eatery, which serves up comfort food staples like burgers, fries and shakes along with more sophisticated fare such as seafood entrees and roast Long Island duck. We always finish with slices of homemade pie. All photos courtesy of the respective establishments. Tags: Fall Activities Itineraries Weekend Trips Kids Preschoolers Long Island East End Similar The Top Kid-Friendly Wineries on the North Fork Pick Your Own Apple Farms For Families On Long Island A LittleBits Electronics Maker Space Opens in Soho Best Family Shows at the New Victory Theater This Season << Previous
A LittleBits Electronics Maker Space Opens in Soho

Dollars. image source eni The dollar was broadly weaker in cautious Tokyo trade Wednesday, ahead of a US interest rate decision this week that could see the first hike in almost a decade. 
 
The greenback fell to 120.30 yen from 120.40 yen Tuesday in New York, and the euro rose to $1.1278 from $1.1272, while several battered emerging market currencies also gained. 
 
The single currency fell to 135.67 yen from 135.71 yen. 
 
Economists are split over whether the US central bank, at the end of a two-day meeting Thursday, will raise rates for the first time since 2006. 
 
Financial markets are pricing the likelihood of a hike at around 32 percent, Bloomberg News said, a sharp drop from before Beijing devalued the yuan in August when the majority of dealers expected a September move. 
 
While the Fed has signalled it will raise rates this year, the odds on a rise this month have dropped as concerns have mounted about slowing growth in China and its impact on the world economy. 
 
Takuji Okubo, chief economist of Japan Macro Advisors, told AFP that if the market reaction to a rate hike is limited that would suggest the global economy is in better shape than expected. 
 
“It’s not that a Fed hike itself is actually positive, but it (would mean) that the global economy isn’t as vulnerable as people feared,” Okubo said. 
 
“That could actually reduce uncertainty in the global economy. And the BoJ may like it because the yen may decline without their intervention (such as further stimulus),” he added. 
 
Asia-Pacific currencies, including the Singapore dollar and the Malaysian ringgit, which have been battered by concerns over China and the strengthening of the dollar in recent months, also rose on Wednesday. 
 
Higher rates would tend to strengthen the greenback, and could severely hurt emerging markets as investors draw their cash out and turn to the US looking for better, safer returns. 
 
The South Korea won rallied a day after the Standard & Poor’s ratings agency raised the country’s credit rating. The dollar fell to 1,176.03 won from 1,186.32 won Tuesday in Tokyo. 
 
The greenback also fell to Sg$1,3997 from Sg$1.4035, to 4.2513 Malaysian ringgit from 4.3053 ringgit, to 46.67 Philippine pesos from 46.77 pesos, and to Tw$32.50 from Tw$32.57. 
 
However, it rose to 66.4375 Indian rupees from 66.4373 rupees, and to 36.00 Thai baht from 35.98 baht. 
 
The Australian dollar bought 71.61 US cents Wednesday in Tokyo, up from 71.22 on Tuesday and well up from the six-year lows below 69 cents touched last week. 
 
The Chinese yuan fetched 18.88 yen against 18.18 yen. 
 
The post appeared first on The Guardian Nigeria .

JoJo is all grown up and looking incredible in her brand new music video. 

Only ETonline was with the 24-year-old on the set of "When Love Hurts," which marks her first official return to the music biz in almost a decade. After a promising 2004 debut (remember "Leave (Get Out)"?), and an impressive 2006 follow-up ("Too Little Too Late"), the then-tween found herself involved in a years-long legal battle with her record label. 


FLASHBACK! Also in 2004, 'Mean Girls' Hit Theaters 


"I was kind of in limbo for a long time where I wasn't able to officially release music, there wasn't distribution, and I was just caught in the crossfire of that," she told ETonline. "My fans really stuck by me they started a Free JoJo campaign on social media. It really kept me going and kept me feeling like I could do this and get out on the other side, so with some great lawyering and some perserverence and belief, I am on the other side. [I] signed to Atlantic [Records] early last year, the same day that I signed the release from my previous label, and got right into the studio a couple months later and then have been just working on music ever since." 

The fruits of her labor: a tringle -- also known as a three-song EP -- released in August, highlighting the now-24-year-old's new sound. 

"I wanted to give a taste of what's the come make an impact in that way while not revealing everything," she said."There is an amazing album to follow, which I'm so proud of." 

Among the tracks is the club-ready Benny Blanco- and Jason Evigan-produced smash, "When Love Hurts." See the full video below. 


NEWS: JoJo Has Her Sights Set on a 2016 VMA! See Who Won This Year 


"I wanted to incorporate the element of vogue [and] there's choreography kind of inspired from different cultures around the world," JoJo said. "There's some Thai, some Indian -- it's really cool and it just feels powerful." 

While her perspective may have changed with age, she's still singing about her favorite topic. 

"My favorite theme is love, I love to talk about all aspects of it," she gushed. "I am constantly in love, falling into it, out of it, I'm just always in love." 

[embedded content] 

And it's that experience that puts a new perspective on her old hits, which, for the record, she still loves to perform. 

"I've grown up with them and they take on a new meaning for me," she said. "I was a little girl when I recorded them and now I'm a woman with experiences in love and I'm a little more passionate and emotional, and it's just a nostalgic moment between me and the audience. It's like a big sing-a-long, so I love it." 


PHOTOS: The Hottest VMAs 2015 Red Carpet Arrivals 


You may also remember JoJo from her co-starring roles in Aquamarine (opposite Emma Roberts ) and RV (the late Robin Williams played her dad), though she's remained largely out of the spotlight since then. JoJo tells ET that, with her comeback in full-swing, she "absolutely" intends to return to acting. 

"I was in such a strange state mentally," she recalled. "I was so sad about everything, about not being able to release music, so I wasn't really able to focus on acting the way that I want to give it attention. Now that I'm on the other side and I'm in the light, I really want to give myself the shot." 

JoJo's tringle , titled III , is available now, while a release date for her full-length has not yet been revealed. 

"I wanted to combine live instrumentation with programmed sounds," she teased, "and I think we've come up with something that's really cool." 
     You might also like       
  MOST  POPULAR

In April 1987, when China's paramount leader Deng Xiaoping met the Basic Law Drafting Committee members in Beijing, he criticised the suggestion to introduce the principle of separation of powers to the would-be Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. He said Hong Kong could not copy directly from the West. 
 
The then undemocratic system in Hong Kong was based on the British system, and had been in practice for a century and a half. Deng said it would not be appropriate to introduce to such a system the separation of powers or a British or American parliamentary system, just so it could be seen as a democracy. 
 
After Deng's comments, the drafting committee ceased using the term "separation of powers". 
 
It thus came as no surprise that in Zhang Xiaoming's recent speech on " A Correct Understanding of the Characteristics of the Political System of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ", the director of the central government's liaison office in Hong Kong ruled out the existence of separation of powers in Hong Kong and said that separation of powers can be built only on the basis of a political entity in possession of complete state sovereign power. 
 
While Zhang may be correct from a strictly legal point of view, in reality, the political system in Hong Kong has evolved since the colonial era to put in place by convention - in practice and in spirit - the principle of separation of powers. The three branches of government each have their own role and function, creating checks and balances between the executive and the legislature, while upholding judicial independence. Whatever term one may use to describe it, it is separation of powers in a real sense. 
 
Zhang described the chief executive as having a "dual head" status, that is, he is head of the Hong Kong government and at the same time head of the SAR. Zhang also said that the chief executive has "dual accountability", that is, he or she is accountable to the central government and also to the Hong Kong government. 
 
Both these "dual" characteristics, according to Zhang, mean that the chief executive has a special legal status that transcends the executive, the legislature and the judiciary. 
 

 READ MORE: Leung Chun-ying questions Hong Kong's 'separation of powers' model after controversial remarks by Beijing official  
In an article published in October 2013, Hao Tiechuan, director of publicity, cultural and public affairs of the central government's liaison office here, recounted that in July 1987, while drafting of the Basic Law was in progress, the British sent to the Chinese a summary on the transition issues relating to the executive and the legislature. Hao said the British team agreed that the Hong Kong government should be led by a strong executive, but there should be appropriate checks and balances between the executive and the legislature, and the two sides should maintain a cooperative relationship. 
 
Hao also said that the British stated that the power to accept or reject laws passed by the Legislative Council and the power to dissolve Legco is important to the status of the chief executive under the constitution. 
 
During the colonial era, the governor, as the representative of the British monarch, held the power to approve or reject laws passed by legislature and the power to dissolve it, and thus had a status that truly transcended the executive and the legislature. By comparison, the chief executive has a much less "transcendent" status than the colonial governor. 
 
Whether the chief executive 'transcends' all else or not, Zhang's remarks alone do not mean the chief executive's position has been lifted to that of an emperor 
 
First, by the Hong Kong Letters Patent and the Royal Instructions, the governor was the representative of the British monarch, accountable only to the king or queen. Under Article 43 of the Basic Law, the chief executive is accountable to both the central government and the SAR government. 
 
Second, the governor was free to reject laws passed by Legco and was free to dissolve the legislature. Under Article 50 of the Basic Law, the chief executive has only very limited power in this regard. 
 
Third, there was no mechanism for the impeachment of the governor. Yet, the SAR legislature can initiate proceedings to impeach the chief executive in accordance with Article 73 of the Basic Law. 
 
Fourth, during the colonial era, the council did not have the power to force the governor to resign. Under Article 52 of Basic Law, the chief executive must resign under certain specified circumstances. 
 

 READ MORE: Hong Kong's judicial independence is here to stay - as long as 'one country' and 'two systems' are both fully recognised  
The chief executive's inherited status and power of the governor have been curtailed by the Basic Law. Whether the chief executive "transcends" all else or not, Zhang's remarks alone do not mean the chief executive's position has been lifted to that of an emperor, as suggested by Civic Party legislator Alan Leong Kah-kit. 
 
Not only does he not have an imperial sword, as former education chief Michael Suen Ming-yeung stated, but, rather, recent events - including the High Court ruling against the Chief Executive in Council's decision to refuse to issue a TV licence - clearly show that the SAR's vibrant and independent judiciary is the sword of Damocles hanging over the head of the "transcendent" chief executive. 
 
John Chan is a practising solicitor and a founding member of the Democratic Party

Elizabeth Anglin is a frequent contributor to Spaced Out Radio. She appears once a month to discuss a variation of topics from psychic ability to extraterrestrials. She has also started her own show on the Spaced Out Radio Network called, Cosmic Passport, heard every Thursday.

Elizabeth has spent much of her life involved in exploring the line between intuitive and critical scientific thinking. Raised by a science educator with psychic abilities and an agnostic, her understanding of spirit and

"It will always be somewhere that reminds her of what Lachlan did," says the actress 
        
A torn Alicia Metcalfe is to decide that her future lies in Portugal - and away from husband David, who opts to stay in Emmerdale. 
 
Alicia, whose memories of the village are tainted by her assault earlier this year at the hands of Lachlan White, will depart in emotional scenes to be shown next week. 
 
"There's a moment where Alicia says that she feels like a failure because she was once happy in Emmerdale and she's now let Lachlan beat her," says actress Natalie Anderson. "She's disappointed in herself for not being stronger and I'm sad for her too. It was a place she loved very much, but at the moment it will always be somewhere that reminds her of what Lachlan did. But, down the line, who knows what might happen?" 
 
So is there not even a small part of her that wants to stay? "No, absolutely not. She misses her sister, but not everything else. They're also dealing with Val's death, which is bleak and upsetting, especially for Jacob. So it's become a dark place for her, whereas Portugal is lovely and sunny. Over there, she felt like she had a future again." 
 
David has, of course, been preoccupied with looking out for his grieving dad Eric's welfare. But viewers - and Alicia - know that he would in fact do anything to stay in the village and not return overseas. And, in the end, it's only when David's mask slips that the whole truth comes out. 
 
"Alicia loves David deeply, but she's becoming frustrated with him because she wants him to have the courage to say that he never wanted to go to Portugal and doesn't want to go back," continues Anderson. "She feels like he's using his dad as an excuse. She would have more respect for him if he just came out and said it. Then when he does, that stresses her out a lot." 
       
As for Anderson, the storyline marks the end of her five years on the ITV soap. "The fans have been so kind," she says. "I've had lots of messages saying that they can't believe I'm leaving. Prior to the helicopter crash, there was a lot of speculation that Alicia would die. I've been overwhelmed by the support that the fans have shown both me and my on-screen family." 
 
And who is she going to miss the most? "Everyone! Obviously my girls - Roxy Shahidi, Fiona Wade and Gaynor Faye. I'll miss them deeply. But obviously my family as well. I'll miss them all." 
 
You can watch a 60-second rundown of next week's episodes of Emmerdale below. 
 
And visit our dedicated Emmerdale page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.

Next on Patch » LIVE FOOTBALL: Geneva vs. Streamwood Is Your Nutrition Cutting It?Does your diet consist of healthy foods to maintain a healthy lifestyle? Make sure to avoid these foods and activities for ultimate results.
By Patch Staff (Patch Staff) September 11, 2015 ShareTweetGoogle PlusRedditEmailComments0 By Matchup | Health and Wellness Blog
A healthy lifestyle requires healthy eating and regular exercise, which requires time and effort. Time and effort, you already struggle to find in the busy schedule you juggle with work and family.
More from Geneva PatchLIVE FOOTBALL: Geneva vs. StreamwoodThe Top 10 Drunkest Cities in the Land of LincolnIllinois Will Have $12.8 billion in Unpaid Bills if No Budget by Jan. 1Patch Localstream: Kane County ConnectsPatch Localstream: KC Forest Preserve
What does your diet consist of? Typical American diets exceed the recommended intake levels in calories from solid fats and added sugars, sodium, saturated fat and refined grains. At times these are hidden in foods you thought were healthy, those quick “healthy” meals you pop in for a couple of minutes and can eat almost immediately.
With a busy schedule, it’s easy to turn towards the easy made bag meals or eating out. Quick and easy is becoming the norm for American’s diets. But this nutrition isn’t cutting it. Make sure you aren’t decreasing your health by making these easy nutrition mistakes. Across IllinoisUnattended Toddler Killed by Falling Dresser as Dad Slept (Bolingbrook, IL)
Trending Across PatchMy Mother Was Sick, In A Living Hell. Until 9-11. (Point Pleasant, NJ) ShareTweetGoogle PlusRedditEmailComments0

University Prime Time			
					
	

				
			



No matter how much you love your mom, there's a pretty good chance she's said or done something to embarrass you. Sometimes it even seems like they do it on purpose. You could be having a perfectly good time chillin' with your friends, and here comes your mom (out of nowhere, cuz moms always have the meanest pop up game) with a crazy story about how you peed in the bed until you were damn near 12.





	
	
		

			

			
						
				Wordpress			
					
	

				
			



While you may think you'll eventually outgrow those moments, the bad news is this: no matter how old -...... Read more 
 
 YOU  TOO  PARENTS  OLD  NEVER  MOM  EMBARRASSED  ANTHONY  ANSWER  ANDERSON

DIMAPUR 
 

                                        : 
 
Published on 28 Sep. 2015 12:29 AM IST 

                                        
                                    
             


                                                
                            
                                       
                                     
Capital College of Higher Education Kohima (CCHEK) organized a seminar on awareness on electoral roll and registration on September 24 at Sahitya Sabha Hall P R Hill, Kohima in collaboration with district election office, Kohima. In the seminar, resource person, assistant election officer, R. Mhathung stressed on the need for registration of electoral roll, deletion or objection, corrections, transposition of electoral roll etc. to the students.He also enlightened the students on the ethics of election and clarified the misconceptions amongst the general public. The programme was compeered by assistant professor, Ape Puro, while welcome address was delivered by vice principal, Zokho Venuh. 
    
                                                     For more updates, follow us on    
  and    
                          

                          

                        
                        
                        


                        
                           Related
                                News     
               
     
        


             
                                 
                                            
  
                                               
                                            
        

  
                                               
                                            
         

                              
 

                              
 

                              
 

                              
 

                              
      

                              
 

                              
 

                              
 

                              
 

                              
     
  
                                                
                                                

  
                                               
                                                 
News: 
 
 
 
Date: 
 
 
  
  
                                             

A nursery celebrated six years since it opened with a dress-up event. 
 
On Wednesday (September 2) a black and white stripes day was held for children and a coffee morning organised for parents at Zeeba Nursery, in Draycot Road, Wanstead. 
 
The nursery was founded back in September 2009 and now has three other daycare centres across east London. 
   
 Share article  
   
Manager Izette Brand said: “On behalf of Zeeba management we want to give thanks to all our parents for their continuous support. 
 
“We are all looking forward to another great year ahead.”

Nigerian News Headlines Today | Breaking Newspapers News 
 
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) celebrates with Nigerians for the delisting of the country as polio endemic by the World Health Organization (WHO), following the fact that there has been no single reported case of wild polio virus attack since […] 
 
The post appeared first on Nigerian News Headlines Today | Breaking Newspapers News .

Interest rates, both short- and long-term, have been at record lows for many years, with the federal funds rate hovering close to zero for more than five years.

While the Fed plays a role in setting the benchmark for short-term interest rates, its policies also determine inflation expectations over the long-term. After keeping rates low to help the economy recover, the Fed has indicated it may be ready to start raising rates, perhaps as early as this fall.

With rates so low, it will take a long…

Prevalence of Autism in North Carolina Exceeds the National Rate 

RALEIGH, NC, September 07, 2015 /24-7PressRelease/ -- College football inspires passions and pageantry like few other sporting events across the nation. Many people avidly follow their favorite football teams during the fall. The law firm of Hardison & Cochran, Attorneys at Law, wants to channel some of that energy to raise awareness of autism, a common developmental disability. 

Ben Cochran, managing partner of the Raleigh law firm, announced today the firm is joining forces with the Autism Society of North Carolina and Carolina Football to increase understanding of autism, a brain disorder with widely varying effects, and the needs of those affected by it. 

"We're excited to be partners with the Autism Society of North Carolina and Carolina Athletics again this football season to raise autism awareness in the Tar Heel State," Cochran said. "Our mission is to help North Carolina families. Improving public understanding of autism certainly fits with that." 

Hardison & Cochran and the Autism Society of North Carolina will serve as co-sponsors of the Tar Heels' first home game against the North Carolina A&T Aggies, set for 6 p.m. September 12 at Kenan Stadium in Chapel Hill. Autism Society staff members will be available on game day to answer people's questions about autism, which affects tens of thousands of people across North Carolina. 

In addition to the game sponsorship, Hardison & Cochran will sponsor commercials highlighting autism awareness during Carolina football radio broadcasts as well as on Head Coach Larry Fedora's television show. The firm also will purchase advertising in the program to be sold to fans at this year's home games. 

Autism is a developmental disability that affects a person's behavior skills as well as their ability to communicate and interact socially. 

According to the Autism Society, more than 60,000 North Carolina residents cope with the Autism Spectrum Disorder, which refers to a group of developmental disabilities affecting a person's capacity to grasp what they see, hear and sense, such as classic autism, Asperger's syndrome, and Pervasive Developmental Disorder-Not Otherwise Specified (PDD-NOS). 

North Carolina's incidence of autism is higher than the national rate, with 1 in 58 people born with the disorder compared to 1 of 68 children across the country, according to the Autism Society of North Carolina. 

Discounted tickets for $10 to the Tar Heels-Aggies Autism Awareness Game are available. Use this link below to purchase tickets: 

About Hardison & Cochran, Attorneys at Law 

Hardison & Cochran, Attorneys at Law is a highly respected North Carolina law firm with offices in Raleigh, Durham, Fayetteville, Dunn, Greensboro, Southern Pines and Wilmington. The firm's practice areas include workplace accidents, car accidents, truck accidents, motorcycle accidents, boating accidents, dog bites, dangerous drugs, defective medical devices, nursing home abuse and negligence, and traffic violations. For more information, call the firm toll-free at (800) 434-8399 or use the law firm's online contact form. 

--- 

Press release service and press release distribution provided by http://www.24-7pressrelease.com

One Angry Gamer "An isometric, 3D MMORPG called Dark Era has just entered into closed beta. Game 321 and NGames have a series of events available for the title that they’ve recently put into play to help ease the closed beta testers into the fold." (Dark Era, PC)

10 simple steps to that will make parenting easier. 

FROM keeping the kids out of cupboards, to cleaning crayons off the couch — there’s likely to be a hack for that. 

Parenting blogs, mummy magazines and social sites are awash with tips and tricks to get you — and your youngs ones — out of sticky situations. 

Here’s your go-to list for hacking your way through the day, and make parenting that little bit easier. 

HACK 1: BABY-MOP 

Baby-Mop! The only onesie your will ever need. Photo: betterthanpants.com Supplied 

How cute is this! You can actually buy the Baby-Mop online, or make a version of your own. The mop is made using super-soft, absorbent material — perfect for getting bub to help out with cleaning the floors. Talk about teaching your baby a strong work ethic from day dot! 

HACK 2: BASKET IN THE BATHTUB 

Basket in the bathtub keeps EVERYONE from floating away. Supplied 

Make bath time less frustrating with this cheeky cheat. The tub can be a pretty big place for your toddler, and bath toys often tend to float out of reach. A well positioned washing basket can help bub stay with his floating friends, by keeping them all within arms-reach! 

HACK 3: HOT GLUE ON YOUR SHOE 

Glue on your shoe stops kids from slipping over. Photo: Pinterest. Supplied 

Combat grazed knees and stop your kids from slipping over with this handy hint. A line of hot glue along the sole of their shoe will act as slip stopper. 

HACK 4: SWEET TREAT HELPS SOOTHE A SORE THROAT 

Marshmallows can help soothe a sore throat. Photo:  Supplied 

Yes — the fluffy, puffy campfire treat can also help relieve a sore throat. That’s thanks to the gelatine within marshmallows, which tend to coat and soothe a sore throat. Sweet treat and pain-relief all in one! 

HACK 5: TOOTHPASTE CLEANS MORE THAN JUST YOUR TEETH 

Non-gel toothpaste can help clean crayons off hard surfaces. Supplied 

From the window, to the wall — the sky is the limit when it comes to kids and crayons. Store some toothpaste in your cleaning cupboard, because this tube will be your lifesaver! The fine abrasive in non-gel toothpaste works at removing crayon off the wall, and the floor — every time. Just squirt, scrub and rinse. 

HACK 6: DOUBLE UP THE POOL AS A PLAYPEN 

The pool can double up as the perfect sized playpen. Photo: Pinterest. Supplied 

Heading in to Summer, the blow up pool will be getting a workout in the backyard. But what about at night or on those colder Spring days? Pack up the pool and bring it indoors — because it makes for the perfect playpen. 

HACK 7: COOL DOWN 

The mist of a spray bottle will cool down hot seatbelt buckles instantly. News Corp Australia 

Hot seatbelt buckles are the worst! Try storing a mist bottle in the car to cool down hot buckles. The mist will cool down hot plastic and metal instantly. Your kids skin will thank you for it! 

HACK 8: STOP STICKY FINGERS 

Sweet success! Now more sticky fingers with this life hack. Photo: Pinterest. Supplied 

Summer tends to call for untold amounts of iceblocks, often leaving kids with sticky fingers! Never fear — because by placing a cupcake holder or small paper plate on the stick, drips are caught — every time! 

HACK 9: NO MORE FALLING OUT OF BED 

A pool noodle will prevent your kids from falling out of bed. Make sure it's dry first, though. Picture: Reddit user Ryval, via Lifehacker Supplied 

Keep kids cosy and tucked in all night long with this top tip. Place a pool noodle under a fitted sheet, and it will keep them from rolling out of bed and over the edge. Sounds night for all! 

HOW TO BE A TECH SAVVY PARENT? 

READ MORE: 5 PARENTING FAILS THAT ARE OK 
 For more detail please click here

The fifth season of HBO's "Game of Thrones" made history at the Emmy Awards  on Sunday, when it became the first sci-fi or fantasy show ever to win Best Drama and its 12 total awards broke the record for the most won by any show in a single year.  
 
Yet some have griped  that, even if "Game of Thrones" is a great show, this wasn't its best season . Indeed, that this may even have been its worst season . Season 5 was almost certainly its most controversial season, especially because of the (SPOILER ALERT) the marital rape  of Sansa Stark in Episode 6 and the sacrificial burning of Shireen Baratheon  in Episode 9, neither of which has yet happened in George R.R. Martin's novels. 
 
Some of the show's creatives, including the director of Episode 6 , have addressed these controversies in the past. But evidently, "Game of Thrones" creators Dan Benioff and D.B. Weiss still feel the issue is unresolved. In a post-Emmy interview with Entertainment Weekly , Benioff said that they "never set out to offend anyone" by staging those brutal moments. 
 
"To try to offend anyone would be juvenile, but to be afraid to offend people would be cowardly," Benioff explained. "There were people saying they were never going to watch again. We’re just trying to tell the story the best we can." 
 
It was certainly good enough for Emmy voters! And for quite a few viewers at home  as well.  
 
Also on HuffPost

AASTOCKS.com Ltd, HKEx Information Services Limited, China Investment Information Services Limited, its holding companies and/or any subsidiaries of such holding companies endeavour to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the Information provided but do not guarantee its accuracy or reliability and accept no liability (whether in tort or contract or otherwise) for any loss or damage arising from any inaccuracies or omissions. 

The information and contents contained in this website are based on the analyses and interpretations of publicly available information obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Such analyses and information have not been independently verified and AASTOCKS.com Limited makes no guarantees to their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. The quotes, charts, commentaries and buy/sell ratings on this website should be used as references only with your own discretion. AASTOCKS.com Limited is not soliciting any subscriber or site visitor to execute any trade. Any trades executed following the commentaries and buy/sell ratings on this website are taken at your own risk for your own account. 

AASTOCKS.com Limited provides the information and services on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents on this website are subject to change without notice. 

AASTOCKS.com Limited reserves the right, in its sole discretion but without any obligation, to make improvements to, or correct any error or omissions in any portion of this website at any time. The subscriber or site visitor agrees not to reproduce, retransmit, disseminate, distribute, broadcast, publish, circulate, sell or commercially exploit the information and contents on this website in any manner without the express written consent of AASTOCKS.com Limited. Investing and trading in stocks, currencies and other securities are very risky. AASTOCKS.com Limited encourages you to use the risk management and educational tools on this website. AASTOCKS.com Limited cannot and does not give any assurance that the present or future buy/sell commentaries and signals on this website will be profitable. AASTOCKS.com Limited cannot guarantee, and the subscriber or site visitor should not assume, that the future performance will equal past performance. 

AASTOCKS.com Limited may point to other sites that may be of interest to the subscriber or site visitor but for which AASTOCKS.com Limited has no responsibility and only provides this as a service to the subscriber or site visitor. 

AASTOCKS.com Limited does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any information, advertisements or contents contained on, distributed through, or linked, downloaded or accessed from any of the services on this website. AASTOCKS.com Limited cannot and does not guaranty the quality or reliability of any products or information purchased or obtained by you as a result of an advertisement or any other information displayed on this website. 

Remarks: All HK and China Indices are real time. World indices are at least 30 – 60 minutes delayed.

Rocker Ryan Adams said covering Taylor Swift's entire "1989" album was "incredibly humbling" and helped him explore himself more deeply as a musician. 

Adams' version of "1989" was digitally released Monday. Swift released the original album — her first full-blown pop record — last October. 

"It's actually incredibly humbling to find a connection with someone else's words and someone else's songs and to open yourself up and to feel them fully, and find out where those stories take you," Adams, 40, said in an interview last week. "It felt no less genuine than any song I've ever written for myself." 

So far, Swift's fifth album has sold 5.2 million units and launched multiple hits, including No.1s like "Shake It Off," "Blank Space" and "Bad Blood." Adams' interpretation of "1989" offers a slowed-down take on her upbeat anthems. 

"I got to work different parts of my brain, different parts of my heart and different parts of the musical aspects of my personality," Adams said of covering Swift's music. "It's really its own thing. ...It's not the same record." 

After completing his version, the singer-songwriter-producer played it for 25-year-old Swift before taking it any further. He namedropped Bob Mould as one his favorite musicians, but added in the same breath: "But then I also love all those songs on (Swift's) 'Fearless' (album). I don't really have a place where my music begins and ends." 

Adams said he has known Swift for about 4 years and counts himself as a fan. 

Adams released his debut album, "Heartbreaker," in 2000. His 2014 self-titled record, his 14th studio release, earned him two Grammy nominations earlier this year, including best rock album. He has also found success as a producer for acts like Willie Nelson and Jenny Lewis. 

Adams says in 1989 — the year, not the album — he remembers being in love with music and being aware he wanted to make a career out of it. 

"I was already collecting albums. By 15, I was skateboarding, I had gotten my first guitar," he said. "I had my first record player and I remember I got my first couple of real albums that were my own records and I was really excited about them." 

---- 

Online: 

Ryan Adams: http://paxamrecords.com/

By Abel Daniel

LAFIA—Nasarawa State government yesterday said it would employ about 1500 workers into its civil service before the end of 2015 in a bid to curtail the rate of unemployment being witnessed in the state

Governor Umaru Tanko Al-Makura stated this on the occasion of Nasarawa State Labour summit held in Lafia the state capital Governor Umaru Tanko Al-Makura The governor added that the state government would equally continue with its biometric analysis of workers to block all leakages to ascertain the actual number of workforce in the state’s payroll for prompt payment of salaries

He however said since his assumption of office as governor of the state in 2011 no state civil servant had failed to get his or her salary as and when due despite the implementation of the new minimum wage and the present dwindling revenue from the federation account

But he blamed the present irregularities in the payment of local government workers salaries on officials of the local councils who had over blotted their workforce

On the Federal Government bailout fund the governor said N8 billion was released to the state with both the state and local governments sharing N4 billion each

He was however quick to add that the bailout was a temporary measure and asked such beneficiaries to brace up to mitigate their revenue misfortunes

The governor cited an instance where local councils in the state would use the bailout to pay salary arrears of less than two months of its workers adding that the council areas would still go back to the same problem

According to him people should not think that the bailout will be a permanent thing

On the clamour by local council officials for a 10 percent remittance from the Internally Revenue Generation IGR to them by the state government Al-Makura categorically told the local officials to declare what their local governments generate before they could enjoy such a privilege

Swiss authorities opened a criminal investigation into FIFA president Sepp Blatter for allegedly signing contracts deemed "unfavorable" to soccer's governing body.

Esp Ltd B 208 Fm Bass Guitar See Thru Black Basswood Fm 8 String Lb208fmstblk For Sale | 8 String Guitar | 5 hours ago For Sale: Esp Ltd B 208 Fm Bass Guitar See Thru Black Basswood Fm 8 String Lb208fmstblk Location: Nixa, Missouri Zip/Postal Code: 65714 Expires: Friday, October 30, 2015 2:04 AM Time Remaining: 29 days and 21 hours left! Price: $ 569.00
Call us: 1-877-275-4434 - Mon-Fri 8:30AM - 9:00PM CST
Sat-Sun 10:00AM - 7:00PM CST ESP LTD B 208 Fm Bass Guitar See Thru Black Basswood Fm 8 String LB208FMSTBLK SKU: LB208FMSTBLK Click On Images to Enlarge Specifications Description ESP LTD B 208 Fm Bass Guitar See Thru Black Basswood Fm 8 String LB208FMSTBLKSKU: LB208FMSTBLK Click here for a vertical detailed image of the LB208FMSTBLK Click here for a detailed image of the LB208FMSTBLK 8 String Bolt-On Construction 34" Scale Basswood Body Flamed Maple Top 5 Pc Maple/Rosewood Neck Rosewood Fingerboard 45mm Standard Nut Thin U Neck Contour 24 XJ Frets Black Nickel Hardware ESP Tuners TOM Bridge & Tailpiece ESP SB-5 (B & N) p.u. ESP ABQ-3 3-Band Active EQ Finish: STBLK (See Thru Black) Controls: Bass Boost/Cut, Volume, Mid Boost/Cut, Treble Boost/Cut, Balance ESP LTD B 208 Fm Bass Guitar See Thru Black Basswood Fm 8 String LB208FMSTBLK The ESP B208 8 String Bass comes equipped with ESP SB-5 pickups and the ABQ-3 active 3-band EQ. A beautiful, flamed Maple top caps off a contoured Agathis body. The bolt-on, 5-piece Maple and Walnut neck supports a Rosewood fingerboard with 24 XJ frets, dot inlays and the model name at the 12th fret. Additional features include Volume and Balance controls, black chrome hardware and a Tune-O-Matic bass bridge with stop-bar tailpiece. Frequently Asked Questions for this Product: When will my order ship? Most orders placed before 3:00 PM CST will ship within 24 hours. If you need a product by a specific time please contact us at 1-877-275-4434 before ordering. When will I receive my tracking number? Most tracking numbers are sent out around 5:30 PM CST of the following business day. Please allow 24-business-hours after ordering before requesting tracking information. How fast will I receive my product? Depending on your location it may take 3-4 business days for your order to arrive. Your tracking number will tell you the exact day your order will arrive. If you need an order by a specific date we recommend you call us at 1-877-275-4434 Have questions about this product?Contact us via live support or phone:
Customer Service Phone:1-877-275-4434
Se Habla Espanol - Excencion 5 Hours of Operation:
Mon-Fri 8:30AM - 9:00PM CST
Sat-Sun 10:00AM - 7:00PM CST Shipping Policy Return Policy Customer Service Payment Tax Shipping Policy Although many orders are shipped the same day that we receive them, due to a variety of factors it can take up to 24 hours to process your credit card information and ship your order. If you need this item by a certain time please call us first before ordering at 1-877-275-4434 FedEx picks up shipments daily, Monday through Friday around 4:00 PM (Central Standard Time). FedEx DOES NOT operate on weekends or holidays. If you place an order for shipping on Friday night, the next available shipping day is Monday. Transit time depends on where you are located and which warehouse we ship your order from. IMPORTANT INFORMATION on expedited shipments such as Next Day Air, Second Day Air and 3- Day Select: 1.) The pickup day is not counted as a transit day.
2.) Weekend and holidays are not counted as transit days. Example: If you place an order Friday evening for 3-Day Select shipment and the following Tuesday happens to be a holiday, your order will be processed for Monday shipment. Since Tuesday is a holiday, the first transit day is Wednesday, the second transit day is Thursday and the final transit (and delivery) day is Friday. It is important to understand this scenario for all expedited shipment methods. To avoid delay in the processing of your order, please be sure to provide us with accurate address information. Please also make sure you provide us with an email address that you check often. If this information is not correct or you don't check your mail regularly, you may miss important correspondence from us regarding your order. We ship via FedEx and USPS depending on the item. Larger items and heavier orders will ship via FedEx services. Smaller items such as harnesses, fuses etc will ship via USPS service. In some cases we may also ship via another carrier. Each carrier has it's areas where service is better than another and we try to select the best service to get your order delivered in the most timely manner. In instances we use FedEx or another carrier, the shipping charges will be exactly as calculated on our shopping cart. We ship to both the US and Canada and we can ship internationally but PLEASE be sure to contact us first before placing an international order for more information and an exact quote. Note: For any orders shipping internationally you are responsible for any and all custom duty fees and taxes. Most items shipped via FedEx ground will arrive within 2 to 7 days depending on your location in the US and 7 to 14 days within Canada. We ship from Missouri, below is a map showing normal transit times, keep in mind this is an estimation and not a guarantee: Return Policy Within 14 days of receiving your product you may return certain items in their original condition and packaging for a refund. We are not responsible for any shipping and/or handling charges to return an item to HiFiSoundConnection. We will pay the shipping of replacements back to your location. Your refund will be subject to a 20% restocking fee with a $10.00 minimum fee. If exchanging you will NOT be subject to the 20% restocking fee. You WILL have to pay the return shipping costs. We do NOT refund the amount you paid for shipping, duties, taxes, or any other charge incurred getting the item to your location. We reserve the right to charge a 35.00 flat fee on warranty / exchanges if the original product packaging is not included. Other fees associated with items not included with the returned merchandise such as bass knobs, fuse holders, manuals, etc that were not included with the package are also subject to additional fees depending on the item not returned. All returns require an RMA (return merchandise authorization) number. Any packages sent back without an RMA number will be delayed and possibly rejected. Please contact us to obtain an RMA number. All returns will be tested before any refund is given. All International Sales are final, the return/exchange policy does not apply to International orders The return policy does not cover damage due to improper installation, if an item was physically altered by you, or services performed by anyone other than HiFiSoundConnection. Within 30 days of receiving your product, if it becomes defective you can claim our in-house HiFiSoundConnection warranty, unless otherwise stated on the product page. We are not responsible for any shipping and / or handling charges to return a defective item to HiFiSoundConnection. We will pay for the shipping on the replacement product going back to your location. We reserve the right to refer you to the manufacturer for any warranty exchanges. We reserve the right to switch you to a comparable product if the original product is out of stock or discontinued. We will not send your replacement item until we have received and checked in the defective product, this may take up to 5 business days. All returns will be tested before any refund is given. Any item that is returned MUST first have RMA (return merchandise authorization) number before sending the package, if the package does not have an RMA number clearly on the outside of the return packaging it will be automatically refused. Please contact us to obtain an RMA number. Subwoofer Exception: Our warranty does not cover blown voice coils, or subwoofers that have been punctured. This is considered abuse by the manufacturer and is not covered under warranty. Defective items cannot be returned for a refund. All International Sales are final, the return/exchange policy does not apply to International orders The return policy does not cover damage due to improper installation, if an item was physically altered by you, or services performed by anyone other than HiFiSoundConnection. If your package is missing, includes a wrong item, or if the package / item is damaged in shipping please contact us as soon as possible. We will fix these problems at no cost to you. Contact us for more information and / or to ask any questions regarding our policy. Return / Exchange Policy Exceptions: Due to the custom nature of some items we cannot accept returns on these items for any reason other than warranty/damage/missing support. The following CANNOT be returned: Cut to length Speaker / Power wire Subwoofer Enclosures and / or MTX Thunderform boxes and / or Q-Forms Any speaker or subwoofer with actual physical damage (Tears, Rips, Dents, Surround Damage, Burnt Voice Coils 'Abuse') Installation Parts (Dash Kits and Harnesses) Products without a pre-authorized (RMA) number Any product after the 14 day period
Cancellation Policy If your item has not shipped yet we can cancel your order, but your refund will be subject to a 10% processing fee with a $10.00 minimum for the cancellation. If the item has already shipped we are unable to cancel it, please refer to our return policy. Call us at 1-877-275-4434 or email us with any questions in regard to this policy before making a purchase. Customer Service We are here to help! Our customer service staff we will glad to assist you with any questions or concerns you many have. We have a service member available 5 days a week to answer your questions. You can call us at 1-877-275-4434 Monday through Friday from 8:30AM - 9:00PM Central Standard Time or Saturday through Sunday from 10:00AM to 7:00PM Central Standard Time. You can also email us and one of our friendly staff will get back to you usually within one to two hours. All emails are answered in the order they are received and we do answer them all. Include your invoice # and email address with all emails. Please make sure to check your junk mail filter for replies. Sometimes email programs will accidentally place our emails in your junk mail folder. Payment Due Date: We require payment in full within seven days of the item purchase date. Sales Tax: Sales Tax is applicable if the item is shipped to the state of Missouri or if the payment is received from a billing address in Missouri. Duty Taxes (International): We ship from the United States, if you are having an item shipped internationally please understand you may have to pay duty taxes when receiving your item. We have no control over the amount, and do not know the amount your country may charge you. This tax is your responsibility, we are unable to reimburse you for the amount. We cannot mark packages as a 'gift' to evade duty fees, or taxes. For more information please view our international shipping policy. Related 8 string guitar    ContactTo inquire about this ad listing, complete the form below to send a message to the ad poster. Name: Email: Subject: Message: Sum of 3 + 3 = Recent Posts	Esp Ltd Sc-608b Baritone Stephen Carpenter Signature Guitar Black 888365219714 Esp Ltd B 208 Fm Bass Guitar See Thru Black Basswood Fm 8 String Lb208fmstblk Skervesen Guitars Custom 8-s, 8 String. Seymour Duncan Pickups. . Jackson Slathx 3-8 Quilted Maple Top 8-string Transparent Black 888365553610 Schecter Banshee-8 8-string Active Left Handed Electric Guitar Trans Black Burst

View image | gettyimages.com New York City, New York - Seventeen year old actress Bella Thorne and twelve years old dancer Maddie Ziegler looked simply delightful as they hit the Zac Posen Spring 2016 Fashion Show, sitting in the front row, during New York Fashion Week held on Monday, September 14th, 2015 in New York City, New York.
Bella Thorne at this fashion show sat by Amy Schumer and Christina Hendricks. Maddie Ziegler was next to Andrew Bevan. We hope this young ladies had a wonderful time.
View image | gettyimages.com View image | gettyimages.com View image | gettyimages.com View image | gettyimages.com View image | gettyimages.com View image | gettyimages.com View image | gettyimages.com View image | gettyimages.com

• Uruguayan crashed Ferrari into parked cars and a bus shelter • Defender to miss Champions League tie with former club SevillaThe Juventus defender Martín Cáceres will miss the Champions League encounter with his former club Sevilla after he was suspended and fined for his involvement in an alleged drink-driving incident.According to a report by the Italian news agency Ansa, the Uruguayan was over the alcohol limit when his Ferrari crashed into parked cars and a bus shelter in Turin. Continue reading...

West Brom have rejected a third bid from Tottenham for Saido Berahino, Press Association Sport understands. 
 
The offer, which arrived late on Tuesday, was only marginally better than Spurs' previous bid, which would have only risen to £21million with clauses and add-ons. 
 
The Baggies have instantly dismissed Tottenham's third approach and remain determined to keep the England Under-21 striker at The Hawthorns. 
 
Berahino had a transfer request rejected last month with Albion angered by Tottenham's continued pursuit of the 22-year-old. 
 
The Baggies are understood to be unhappy with Spurs' approach to the deal which has only strengthened their resolve to keep Berahino. 
 
The forward has been left out of West Brom's last three squads during the speculation with boss Tony Pulis insisting he was not in the right state of mind to play. 
   
 Share article  
   
Spurs have been searching for more firepower to help Harry Kane and, despite signing Son Heung-min from Bayer Leverkusen, maintained their interest in Berahino. 
 
He scored 20 goals last season, and earned a call-up to the England senior squad, but missed Euro 2015 for the Under-21s with a knee injury.

We've got tips, tours and deals. 

The dollar may be down, but that doesn't mean packing away the passport permanently. In fact, New research, Expedia Value Tracker, reveals the best value spots for a Christmas trip overseas, and even the US figures as a possibility. That's because currency fluctuations are not the only monetary movement to factor in. Changes in accommodation, flight and living costs all contribute to the value of a holiday.

For instance, New Zealand is the only destination where the Australian dollar currently goes further than it did a year ago, up four per cent year-on-year. But the average accommodation cost there has risen nine per cent, while average flight prices between NZ and Australia have decreased five per cent. That all adds up to Expedia considering New Zealand the best value option for Aussies right now.

As for the US, the fact that flight costs have dipped 10 per cent in the past year offsets the dollar drop of 21 per cent and counting – a little. Expedia says travellers might find better value across the border in Canada this year, where the Australian dollar has only fallen six per cent against the Canadian dollar and flights decreased by six per cent year-on-year. That's especially relevant for those considering a Christmas ski break.

Expedia Australia and NZ managing director MD George Ruebensal suggests, however, you think creatively. "If travellers are flexible about where they go, there are opportunities to save. And when thinking about Europe, that's exciting as there are so many amazing places to explore. For instance, why not consider Norway where the Aussie dollar has gained ground against the Norwegian krone and average hotel and flight prices have also decreased."

The Aussie has also gained more than 30 per cent against the Russian ruble.

No time to monitor it all? Sites like Expedia help. Its Scratchpad app tracks flight and hotel price movements for you. See expedia.com.au.

The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

NEW YORK — Time and time again Serena Williams escaped during this Grand Slam season on her quest to sweep all four majors. But finally, on Friday, she hit a roadblock that caused her not just to trip, but to fall.

That hurdle came in the most unlikely of forms in Roberta Vinci, a 32-year-old world No. 43 who was making her debut appearance in a Grand Slam semifinal.

It also came in the form of unthinkable pressure loaded onto the shoulders of the 33-year-old world No. 1, who was trying to sweep all four majors in a calendar year for the first time since 1988, when Steffi Graf did so.

"I don't think we can understand the scale of what she felt," said Leif Shiras, a TV commentator for British broadcaster Sky Sports and former player in an interview. "It's tough to play against history. You have to feel like her loss is a symptom of that pressure."

Williams swatted away any suggestion that her Friday demise — after 26 Grand Slam match wins this year and 33 dating to Wimbledon last season — was due to expectation of the moment.

"I told you guys I don't feel pressure," a tired Williams told reporters in a news conference. "I never felt pressure. … I never felt that pressure to win here. I said that from the beginning."

From the beginning of 2015, however, Williams' drive for the Grand Slam has been a fragile, bumpy one. At the French Open she worked through five three-setters, the most of any major in her career; at Wimbledon she trailed Heather Watson by two breaks in the third set in the third round; a week ago Bethanie Mattek-Sands had her on the ropes in a night match.

Each time, a Serena 'W;' but not today.

"Today was not a good day," her coach, Patrick Mouratoglou, told a small group of reporters, saying Williams woke up feeling off.

"Players are humans," he continued. "How many times did it happen this year where she felt like this and she still found her way through? She didn't find her way today."

Even Vinci, undone by Williams four times (all in straight sets) coming in, could see the most feared opponent in tennis looking tentative, double faulting, yelling at herself to find a way.

"(In) my mind, I say, 'Think about this, she's nervous,'" a smiling Vinci said. "So I tried to keep fighting for every single point."

"It was apparent to all of us who have watched her for 20 years that she was nervous today," Chris Evert said plainly on ESPN.

It was a different kind of match than most of her three-setters at the majors, however. Seven times she had come back from dropping the first set. But only once in a three-set match did she drop the second – as she did Friday – and then right herself.

In the third set against Vinci, Williams appeared lost and at times confounded, however. She barked at herself at one moment, all of Arthur Ashe yelling shouts of encouragement. The next, she was quieting herself — palm towards the ground — trying to stay calm.

"I was just trying to win points at that point and win the match," she explained.

One shouldn't underestimate the emotional impact of the Slam, Shiras said.

"The toll of this journey she was on was too much for her today," Shiras said. "She was trying to dig deep and the way to generate energy for her is to get that passion out. But I think that can tire her; there is an element of fatigue that plays into this story. She was at a breaking point; she was boiling. And Vinci was drawing that out of her. It was amazing drama."

The pressure finally got to Serena Williams and killed her Grand Slam dream

Drama with a twist: On this day, the 21-time major champion, chasing history in front of a home crowd, with more power on her racket than anyone in the game was on the losing end. A defeat with a capital 'D.'

"Every loss is difficult," Mouratoglou said. "I think she lost her way mentally. Tactically she didn't know what to do. When you make the wrong choices, you lose the points you're supposed to win and then you make more and more wrong choices. She lost her way on the path tactically."

A road that started in Melbourne ends in New York — and not in the way Williams imagined.

PHOTOS: All the action at the U.S. Open semifinals

LEIGH'S hopes of promotion to the Super League were dented with a 34-12 defeat to Halifax. 
 
Paul Rowley’s team was stunned by their second tier rivals, upsetting the form book to register their opening qualifying victory. 
 
Leigh had beaten their Shay hosts on both previous meetings this year but found themselves 20-0 down at half-time. 
 
Facing their most important 40 minutes of the year, the visitors made an encouraging start to the second period. Adam Higson and Fuifui Moimoi touched down within nine minutes of the re-start to reduce their arrears to just eight points. 
 
But that was close as Leigh came to following up last week’s encouraging victory over Sheffield Eagles. 
 
Halifax steadied their nerves to put the game out of reach with tries from Scott Murrell and Ste Tyrer. 
   
 Share article  
   
Ex-St Helens prospect Tyrer finished the game with 18 points, adding seven goals to his 60th minute touch down. Dane Manning, Ross Divorty and James Saltonstall crossed for Halifax’s remaining tries. 
 
Leigh’s route to the top flight now looks limited to a winner takes all clash between the fourth and fifth placed teams.

Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. 
Subscribe Now Share This Story! 
Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about 
Letter: Contact PUC re: Dakota Access Pipeline 
A reader wants citizens to contact the PUC concerning the oil line crossing S.D. land. 
Post to Facebook 
Try Another 

Audio CAPTCHA 

Image CAPTCHA 

Help 
{#
                    
                    #} 
Cancel Send 
Sent! 
A link has been sent to your friend's email address. 
Posted! 
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 

Peggy Hoogestraat, Chancellor 5:37 p.m. CDT September 27, 2015 

(Photo: Argus Leader) 

Who wants one-third of the Bakken oil produced each day going through their state? It is one of the most dangerous and hazardous oils in the world. False and inflated promises of tax income for our citizens will be proven. 

Our state will realize the labor force to install the pipeline came from out-of-state and the wages went out the border. We will remain with damaged land, a great liability, the anticipation of polluted water, and oh, yes, maybe we should have addressed the issue of eminent domain. 

You say it is not on your property — it could be next time. Contact the South Dakota Public Utilities Commission today and share your thoughts about the proposed Dakota Access Pipeline Docket HP14-002. 

Read or Share this story: http://argusne.ws/1KEeaxL 
TOP VIDEOS More Stories 0) { %> 
0) { %> 

0) { %>

Hungarian volunteers brought a brief smile to the faces of refugee children stuck at Budapest’s main railway station last night, putting on an outdoor screening of “Tom and Jerry”.

Matteo Darmian does not see Manchester United as the 'apex' of his career. 

Upgrade in minutes or watch with a NOW TV Day Pass. 

Italian Darmian, 25, has been an impressive performer so far for Louis van Gaal after moving to United for £12.7 million from Torino in July and has begun all of United's first six games of the season. 

The international right-back believes he has slotted straight in at Old Trafford but said he is looking to kick on after joining United. 

Speaking to Corriere della Sera, Darmian said: "The important thing for me is that even though I'm a foreigner, I settled in straight away at Manchester United, thanks also to my team-mates and the staff who made me feel part of the group. 

"I put myself at the disposal of the coach immediately, with the utmost effort and humility. 

"I want to stay true to myself. I am someone who worked hard to get where I am today and I intend to continue doing that. Manchester United is a beginning and not the apex of my career."

In order to encourage innovation and entrepreneurship in Africa, EMRC will present the "AFIF Entrepreneurship Award 2015", providing an African existing small-medium business with a financial contribution and exposure/visibility for the winning project. The award winner, an existing African small-medium business, will receive a US$5.000,00 cash prize, yearlong media promotion support in and out of Africa, free AFIF 2015 participation, including the Training Workshop, and travel expenses to the AFIF 2015 covered by EMRC. “This year we are boosting the Award, by offering the chance to all those remarkable entrepreneurs based in Africa to submit their business project. We are facilitating their presence which in turn will ensure that SMEs are strongly represented at the event,” Inês Bastos, EMRC Sr Project Manager, explains. AFIF 2015, entitled “Access to Finance & Entrepreneurship” is organized in collaboration with the European Investment Bank (EIB), DEG (German Development Finance Institution) and in partnership with Agri Academy, ECOWAS-TEN, Pfizer, Rabobank, BlueCloud, ICD (Islamic Corp. for the Development of the Private Sector), IFC (World Bank) amongst others. The forum will be held in Cape Town, South Africa, from the 24th to 26th November 2015. An unforgettable moment which receives considerable international press coverage, the Award has been won by a unique group of African entrepreneurs which include: Magloire N’Dakon (2014) awarded the prize for his innovative project, Extended Finance, in Ivory Coast; Marie-Claire Matamba (2013) head of Agrimat Gabon; Anastácio Roque representing CESACOPA (2012) from Angola, Suzanne Belemtougri (2011) head of Sophavet and hailing from Burkina Faso as well as Derek Kwesiga (2009) head of Derekorp from Uganda. Read More.. Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook

Posted Wednesday, September 30th 2015 @ 2pm  by 24/7 News 
 

 
Meteorologists are split over whether Hurricane Joaquin will slam the East Coast.  Joaquin is now pushing through the Atlantic Ocean just southeast of Florida, and some models have it hitting the mid-Atlantic region by Sunday.  
 
The storm bulked up to hurricane status early this morning and could possibly grow up to a Category Three storm with winds topping 110 miles-per-hour.  Forecasters are predicting heavy rain all the way from North Carolina to Maine in the coming days as they keep an eye on the storm.  
 
PHOTO

Agrochemicals Market by Type (Fertilizers, Pesticides), by Fertilizer Type (Nitrogenous, Potassic, Phosphatic), by Pesticide Type (Organophosphates, Pyrethroids, Neonicotinoides, Bio-Pesticides), & Sub-types - Global Market Trends & Forecast to 2018" defines and segments Agrochemicals market with analysis and forecasting of market demand and revenue. This market would grow from an estimated $203,567.6 million in 2013 to $242,757.8 million by 2018, with a CAGR of 3.6% from 2013 to 2018.

Key Content Of This Report

Browse more than 117 market data tables

27 figures spread through 234 pages

In-depth Table Of Content on Agrochemicals Market

Global Market Trends & Forecast to 2018

Get More Information Here...

http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/global-agro-chemicals-market-report-132.html

The major function of agrochemicals is to address the problem that hinders the growth of crops. It is a widely used term that includes fertilizers and pesticides. Agrochemicals help to increase the productivity of the crops by supplying needed nutrients and providing protection from various diseases, without harming the environment. Thus, the focus of industry players is not only to develop and launch agrochemicals, but also to train its end-users about the proper use of these chemicals. The tightening environmental regulations in developed regions such as North America and Europe are making it difficult for the manufacturers to sell their conventional products in these regions. Hence, they are bound to develop new products that fulfill environmental norms. It has, thus, become important for them to find a right balance between the product performance and content of their product.

Early buyers will receive 10% customization on reports. According to the estimates, Asia-Pacific leads the market for Agrochemicals with 41.3% share in demand at global level in 2012, followed by Latin America (17.0%), North America (15.4%), Europe (7.8%), and Rest of the World (18.5%). Looking at fertilizers type, Nitrogenous fertilizers occupied 68.4% and Organophosphates occupied 73.0% share in demand in their respective agrochemicals type.

The growth of the Agrochemicals Market has been studied through in-depth analysis of major factors that are driving the market such as growing population and increase in demand for food with opportunities in the development of environment friendly and rising consumer awareness for agrochemicals. However, the increasing environmental concerns and availability of other environment friendly alternatives are proving to be the major restraining factors for the market. MarketsandMarkets is world’s No. 2 firm in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model – GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors.

M&M’s flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers.

We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository.

The Federal Government’s decision to accept 12,000 Syrian refugees into Australia is a start according to the convenor of Amnesty International’s Mudgee branch, Heather Drew. The Federal Government’s decision to accept 12,000 Syrian refugees into Australia is a start according to the convenor of Amnesty International’s Mudgee branch, Heather Drew. Ms Drew said Amnesty was pleased the Australian government has decided to take in some of the millions of Syrian’s unable to return home, especially considering how desperate the situation is getting. 

“It’s a start really,” Ms Drew said.

“The number of Syrian people who are no longer able to return to their own country is in its millions, and all of these people are desperate to make a new home for themselves. 

“We’ve agreed to take 12,000 but the government may need to think about agreeing to take more.”

Ms Drew said while some people had made suggestions that the number was too high, Germany had agreed to house 800,000 refugees that made their way to Europe.

“Twelve thousand people sounds wonderful in comparison to the number Australia agreed to take a year ago, but compared to the total number of people who need help – maybe the government will need to look at the figures again,” Ms Drew said.

Ms Drew said there are around four million Syrian refugees registered with humanitarian groups. 

A large percentage of these people are immigrated to neighbouring countries like Jordan and Lebanon, putting strain on the local economies and resources. 

“There are 7.6 million people who are internally displaced in Syria. People are saying this is the largest humanitarian disaster since the last world war,” Ms Drew said. 

Ms Drew said it was fantastic to see the public becoming involved in the issue, and believed it was a continuing level of public support that pushed the government to agree to help. 

“There’s word that quite a few towns around the country are willing to take rather large numbers of refugees and help them create new lives,” she said. 

“And a lot more people than the government has agreed to take in.”

According to the federal government, women, children, and families from persecuted minorities sheltering in Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey will take priority. 

The government will also spend $44 million supplying 240,000 refugees with cash, food, water and blankets in Lebanon, Turkey and Jordan.

Senior government officials said the first refugees could arrive by Christmas. 

It’s intended that the 12,000 will arrive within the financial year.

Neste Corporation 
Stock Exchange Release 
28 September 2015 at 9.00 am (EET) 
 
Neste's financial reporting in 2016 
    
Neste Corporation will publish financial reports in 2016 as follows: 
 
Financial Statements for fiscal 2015: 4 February 2016 
 
Interim Report January-March 2016: 27 April 2016 
 
Interim Report January-June 2016: 28 July 2016 
 
Interim Report January-September 2016: 25 October 2016 
 
The Annual Report for 2015 will be published on Neste's website in the week beginning on 7 March 2016. The Annual General Meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, 30 March 2016. 
 
Neste Corporation 
 
Kaisa Lipponen 
Director, Communications 
 
Further information: Kaisa Lipponen, Director, Communications, tel. +358 50 4585044 
 
Neste in brief 
 
Neste is a pioneer in oil refining and renewable solutions. We provide our customers with premium-quality products for cleaner traffic and industrial products based on world-class research. Our sustainable operations have received recognition in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and the Global 100 list of the world's most sustainable companies, among others. Our net sales for 2014 amounted to approximately EUR 15 billion, and our shares are listed on NASDAQ Helsinki. Cleaner traffic, energy and life are moved forward by about 5,000 professionals. More information: neste.com 
 

This announcement is distributed by NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions on behalf of NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions clients. 
The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. 
Source: Neste Oyj via Globenewswire 
HUG#1954617

It is hardly humble, or peaceful, but it is home for Malcolm Turnbull. Inside Malcolm Turnbull's Point Piper pad It is hardly humble, or peaceful, but it is home for Malcolm Turnbull. The new Prime Minister says he will not be moving to Kirribilli House, but is staying put at his red-clay-coloured home in Point Piper, with its own fetching harbour views.

Two days after his swearing in ceremony last Monday, a big yellow crane appeared behind his house for building work at a neighbouring property.

There are at least five major construction and renovation projects underway in the neighbourhood, which comes to life in the early morning hours with the arrival of tradesmen in orange tops and fluorescent green socks tucked inside work boots.

The constant hum of the towering crane that swings large skips full of boulders precariously close to the Turnbull rooftop is punctuated by loud beeping and a cacophony of roaring saws, drills and cement mixers.

Two Australian Federal Police officers sit quietly inside a grey car parked outside the residence. But they have not gone unnoticed by neighbours, who have few complaints about the heightened security presence.

Bernice Belnick welcomed her neighbour's decision to stay.

"I've been boasting I've got a PM in my street," she says. "I'm happy for him to stay."

Another neighbour who did not wish to be named, said: "He's got a great house. It's close to the city. Why should he move?"

"I think it's important that they live normally. We often see Lucy [Turnbull] walking the dogs in the morning."

Further down the road, where white-washed walls are draped in red bougainvillea and black Porche Boxters sit in driveways, Caryl Heilig and Belinda Goldman take time out of their morning walk to share their approval.

"I have no problem with Malcolm staying in the area," Ms Goldman said. "It think that it's great he has chosen to stay in his home. We are very happy that he'll be part of the Eastern Suburbs where we live."

Ms Heilig agreed it was "fantastic" the Turnbulls had decided to stay in the area.

"They may just put a bit more security around the house for him," she said.

Jennifer Coyle, who moved from the US to a nearby house two months ago, said she was surprised a Prime Minister would live in the local neighbourhood.

"But we find it very refreshing that he has decided to stay in the local community," she said.

The police presence makes her feel a bit safer in the home, "but it is also a little disconcerting that they are around the corner 24/7".

Ms Coyle, who works for Macquarie Bank, said she could not imagine an American president living in her street.

"I think they would be so frightened for their security that they would be out of the limelight as much as possible," she said.

"It's really nice to see he [Turnbull] is out in the open. We saw him walking in the neighbourhood over the weekend. So it's really good to see he's part of the people."

Andrew Muston, who has lived in the area for 23 years, said it was clear to him why Mr Turnbull wanted to stay.

"I don't know why he would want to leave. It's a pretty nice set up that he's got."

Mr Muston, who graduated from the University of Sydney last year with an economics and finance degree, jokes that the decision poses one problem.

"The only issue is we have a couple of house parties, so I was hoping that maybe he might move away and there would be no more noise complaints," he said.

"No, he's a good neighbour. I've lived next to him my whole life. He's a good man."

When in Canberra, Mr Turnbull will live at The Lodge, which has undergone $6.4 million worth of renovations. The work is expected to be completed by the end of the year.

Follow us on Twitter The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

UK-based discount chain Poundworld posted record annual sales today. 



The company said that it plans to continue its rapid expansion by opening 60 new stores a year from next year. 

The UK’s second-largest single price discount retailer, behind Poundland, said sales jumped 22% to £422.3m in the 12 months to the end of March in a period when it opened 38 stores, with like-for-like sales up 5.6%. 

The group added that operating profits also hit a record, more than doubling by 130% to £14.6m. 

US buyout group TPG took a majority stake in the business for £150m in May, in a deal which saw founder and chief executive Chris Edwards become a multimillionaire. 

Mr Edwards founded the business from a market stall in Wakefield in 1974. 

Poundworld said as a result of new funding from TPG it will accelerate its store expansion programme to in excess of 60 stores a year from 2016 onwards. 

Mr Edwards said: “We have seen a record financial year and one of landmark progress for the company.” 

He added that he expected “the year ahead to be one of development and consolidation.” 

Mr Edwards said the firm would invest in a new 500,000 square foot warehouse next to its Normanton head office in West Yorkshire, and replace its IT ordering systems. 

He said these changes “will provide a strong platform for rapid growth over the next three years.” 

The group added that its multi-price discount chain Bargain Buy, which trades from more than 50 outlets, saw like-for-like sales lift by 8% over the year. 

Larger rival Poundland, which owns around 500 stores, is in the middle of a £55m acquisition of rival 99p Stores. 

The takeover was last month provisionally cleared by the UK's Competition and Markets Authority.

Supporters of secessionist group Junts Pel Si celebrate after polls closed in a regional parliamentary election in Barcelona that saw separatists win a clear majority of seats in Catalonia's parliament. 
             
Separatists have won a clear majority of seats in Catalonia's parliament, an exit poll showed on Sunday, in an election that could set the region on a collision course with Spain's central government over independence. 
 
The main secessionist group "Junts pel Si" (Together for Yes) would get between 63 and 66 seats in the 135-strong assembly, while smaller leftist party CUP would secure another 11 to 13 seats, according to the poll released by local broadcaster TV3, the largest carried out. 
 
They would jointly obtain 49.8 per cent of the vote, amid a an expected record turnout, in what would be a big boost to a secession campaign which has been losing support over the last two years. 
 
"Junts pel Si" and CUP had said before the vote that such a result would allow them to unilaterally declare independence within 18 months, under a plan that would see the new Catalan authorities approving their own constitution and building institutions like an army, central bank and judicial system. 
 
The Spanish centre-right government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, which has opposed attempts to hold a referendum on secession, has called the breakaway plan "a nonsense" and vowed to block it in court. Spain's constitution does not allow any region to break away. 
 
Catalan secession remains highly hypothetical, but the strong pro-independence showing is a blow for Rajoy less than three months before a countrywide election. 
 
It also creates additional uncertainty over potential talks over a more favourable tax regime and laws that better protect language and culture, which analysts say are needed to soothe Catalan discontent. 
 
Many of the 5.5 million voters had said on Sunday that they did not believe Catalonia would become independent and had used their ballot as a way to press the Catalan and Spanish authorities to discuss those issues.  
    
- Reuters

Auckland News.Net  Thursday 17th September, 2015  
 U.S. Ambassador to India, Richard Verma, has said that the developments of the past year show that India is determined to emerge from its slumber as the second sleeping giant of Asia and reclaim its historical position as one of the great world powers. 
"Indian leaders have expressed a determination to leave behind the traditions of non-alignment and strategic autonomy and, in the words of Foreign Secretary Jaishankar, to become a 'leading power'," he added. 
 
Verma said the strategic partnership between India and the US will be unlike the geo-political alliances of the 20th century. 
 
"Rather than remaining confined to one corner of our planet, we will work to uphold the global systems and spaces that will allow for the continued advancement of humankind. In the words of Prime Minister Modi the great promise of the U.S.-India relationship is what both countries "can do together for the world." To be sure, the U.S.-India strategic partnership will be anchored in Asia," said Verma. 
 
"But it will also be a truly 21st century relationship of natural allies working together in cyberspace, global hotspots, outer space, the human genome and the global biome," he added. 
 
Asserting that India is seeking to make up for lost time, the US envoy said India is still grappling with a legacy of systemic economic challenges that have hampered its growth in comparison to other Asian powers in the 20th century. 
 
"However, India has exerted a profound historical impact on the global economy, and is poised to do so again. For much of recorded history, until the 18th century in fact, India's GDP matched or exceeded that of China and dwarfed production in Europe," said Verma. 
 
"As the birthplace of Buddhism and a historical center of Sufi Islam, India's cultural influence extends from Southeast Asia to Mongolia and from Indonesia to the steppes of Central Asia," he added. 
 
The US envoy said the relationship between New Delhi and Washington will serve as an important new buttress safeguarding open commerce and freedom of navigation in the Asia-Pacific region. 
 
"Through dialogues such as the U.S.-India East Asia Consultations which the East West Center graciously hosted in June and the U.S.-India -Japan Trilateral Dialogue, we are working together to promote a democratic and rules-based vision for political and economic security in Asia," said Verma in his remarks on "An Alliance for Global Prosperity" at EWC, Hawaii. 
 
"But our bilateral relationship will be much more far-reaching. The U.S. and Indian governments are engaging agricultural professionals from Kenya, Malawi and Liberia to improve food security in their countries by increasing crop yields using new technologies," he added. 
 
The US envoy said India's generic pharmaceutical industry and highly skilled biotechnology workforce will be essential to addressing the greatest health challenges in all countries across the economic spectrum. 
 
"Our countries are exchanging findings from current Mars missions and are sharing ideas about future explorations. Prime Minister Modi recently hosted the third USAID-supported Call to Action Summit to end preventable maternal and child deaths," said Verma. 
 
"The United States and India have joined forces to advance a multi-stakeholder model of internet governance and are working to bring together industry, academia and regulators in both our countries in support of this vision. These are just a few examples that show how the scope of our alliance will not limited by geography or sector but will encompass the full spectrum of human endeavor," he added. 
 
Verma said as the Indian governments have come and gone the ideal of a multiethnic democracy has remained at the very core of the national consciousness. 
 
"In this way India was perhaps the first truly 21st century country. In the decades after 1947, the freedom riders who were trained in Gandhi's ideals and methods, and in some cases in India by Gandhi's associates themselves, helped the United States begin to come to terms with our own history of injustice, providing the reconciliation that allowed for our post-Cold War prosperity and influence," he added. 
 
Verma said the commitment to a democratic system and the rule of law that have made India an island of stability in a continent that has seen tremendous upheaval in the past 50 years will continue to provide the Indian people the platform on which to construct their 21st century emergence. 
 
"That India has lifted millions out of poverty and many of its 1.2 billion people have prospered while living under a transparent system of government demonstrates that the principles both countries hold dear are not "American" or "Asian" but human aspirations," said Verma. 
 
"This shared view of a government that is inclusive and accountable to its people has resulted in India, despite its considerable economic challenges, leading the pack in a number of key indicators. Indian citizens are among the world's most numerous and active social media users - much has been written about the Indian impact on platforms such as Twitter and Instagram," he added. 
 
The US envoy said the Indian innovators are among the most successful and prolific patent applicants in the world, and Indian companies, drawing on a highly educated English speaking workforce, are deeply integrated into global business processing. 
 
"Recent controversies notwithstanding, India's civil society is composed of tens of thousands of vocal and active NGOs that are influencing policy and budgets around the country. In this century, the advancement of prosperity will require the ability to nurture innovations, energize global audiences with new ideas and build cross-cultural understanding," said Verma. 
 
"I need only to consider the number of Indian citizens using Facebook on cell phones charged by village entrepreneurs selling solar power to be certain that India is primed to succeed in these challenges," he added. (ANI)

Turkey's foreign trade deficit dropped sharply in August, the Turkish Statistical Institute reported on Wednesday. 
In August, the deficit declined  to $4.88 billion, down from $8.11 billion from same month last year, a drop of 39.8 percent. 

Exports were $11.65 billion, a 2.8 percent decrease from August 2014, and imports were $15.95 billion dollars, an 18.2 percent decline year-on-year.   

Turkey’s exports declined by 8.7 percent to $95.67 billion in the first eight months of this year, from $104.8 billion in the same period of last year, while imports tumbled16.9 percent in the same period. 

The devaluation of the lira against major currencies in the past year has made imported goods more expensive for Turkish consumers. 

Overall imports from January to August were down from $54.42 billlion to $45.24 billilon. 

The Turkish Exporters Assembly has attributed the exports slowdown to the weak global economy as well as to the fall of the euro against the dollar -- the decline, however, is in value, while Turkish exports increased in overall volume during the first eight months of this year.

NBC's new drama The Player  has one of the most ridiculous premises of any of the new fall TV shows -- but that's not a bad thing. Unlike so many of the shows trying to "cut through the clutter" with a splashy concept, The Player knows exactly what it wants to be: a high-octane crime thriller that doesn't take itself too seriously. And it shouldn't with a setup like this: Alex Kane ( Philp Winchester ) is a private security specialist in Las Vegas who, after the murder of his wife Ginny ( Daisy Betts ), is pulled into a long-running conspiracy involving the richest people in the world gambling on crime. With the help of "pit boss" Mr. Johnson ( Wesley Snipes ) and "the dealer" Cassandra ( Charity Wakefield ), Alex, as "the player," tries to stop crimes while the fat cats in "the house" bet on or against his ability to save the day. Got all that? "We knew we wanted to make a pulp show," co-creator John Rogers tells TVGuide.com . "The way pulp works is to find a good, simple, defining metaphor, and we said, 'What are the elements of gambling?' If you're going to have a conspiracy, you're going to have code names, you're going to a have a structure. When we looked at the basic form of gambling, the feel of a casino, and it just came very naturally. People understand those terms -- millions of people gamble. We're not introducing obscure vocabulary to explain our very high-concept, obscure conspiracy." Fall Preview: Check out all the must-watch new shows But it was also important for Rogers to have some emotional context beneath all the Las Vegas window-dressing. "Everyone right now feels as if maybe the rules were changed on them," Rogers says. "You sent your kids to college, but somehow your college graduate is living in your basement because he can't get a job. It feels like we're trapped in a game that somebody changed the rules. We said, 'Why don't we externalize that? Why don't we talk about the fact we are trapped in a game, and there's one guy in the middle of it who is on our side?' That gave us the emotional stakes of the show." Page 2 of 3 - For Alex, his journey is entirely fueled by the heartbreak he feels over the death of his wife. "Trying to resolve how Ginny died and why she died and who's responsible, is the primary emotional thrust of his investigation," Rogers says. "That's the thing that keeps him going back undercover into this organization." And continuing to go back in is an issue. After all, the whole concept of a group of people profiting off of crime rather than trying to prevent it is pretty icky, right? "They're doing a horrible thing," Rogers says with a laugh. "It allows us to have some fun every week, but they're plainly bad guys. Alex is a good guy in the middle of a bad system. One of the essential questions of the show is: Is that system actually the best possible system that we can live with?" Because of Alex's unease about what he's doing, The Player is unlike most procedurals where the team is one big happy family. Instead, when, in the pilot, Alex threatens to kill Mr. Johnson one day in the not-too-distant future, you're inclined to believe him. However, the team still has to rely on each other, regardless of how much they trust their colleagues. "Everyone has their own agenda, everyone has their own secret plan, and everyone has their own sort of shifting allegiances," Rogers says. "They are in a life-and-death world, and they have to trust each other as far as they can to not die, but never trust each other enough to make themselves vulnerable." The Player 's Wesley Snipes and more familiar faces in new places That central conflict will certainly begin to define Mr. Johnson's moral ambiguity, which is exactly what attracted Snipes to the role. "I get to explore some character work in a way that I probably couldn't in a feature film," Snipes says. "You never know which side he's playing for. You'll learn quickly that Mr. Johnson knows secrets that no one else knows. He's seen a lot of players come and go, and this guy is nothing special at this point. Or so we make it appear. Mr. Johnson has another card that he hasn't played yet. There's a whole deck that Mr. Johnson hasn't played yet." However, Rogers is quick to caution people from deciding outright that Mr. Johnson is the bad guy. "There are weeks that Mr. Johnson does something heroic because it fits his sense of personal ethics, and you're like, 'Yeah, I love Mr. Johnson!'" Rogers says. "Then, there are days that he's the most horrible human being in the world. I don't know if you ever want to be rooting for him, but you should be fascinated by him. ... His views on power are not necessarily wrong, they're just horrible." Page 3 of 3 - Then again, Alex isn't an entirely noble hero either. "He's saving lives. He genuinely enjoys the work, but Alex Kane has a problem. He is a man with a high capacity for violence and a tendency towards it," Rogers says. "To a great degree the two themes for the show are power and addiction. We all have behaviors we're drawn to. We all have those things we can't let go of, be it Ginny's death or the constant fall into violence which comes very easily to him. We all have these desires that are beyond our control, and how we deal with them to a great degree is what defines us." Although the show is clearly reveling in its procedural makeup ("I love the one-and-done of it," Rogers confesses), the writers are telling a longer story. However, the central mystery of Ginny's murder, which gets much more messy by the end of the pilot, won't be stretched out forever. "The mystery of how that happened, who did it, why it was done -- all of that is meant to be an important thing that we reveal to the audience over the course of the first 12 episodes," Rogers says. "We're not going to hold you over a barrel for five years. Most of the questions in the first season will be resolved by the end of the first season." The Player premieres Thursday at 10/9c on NBC. Will you watch? Other Links From TVGuide.com

 

 
Victor Cruz has not appeared in an NFL game in almost a year, but a timetable has finally been set for the New York Giants wide receiver to return to action.
While Cruz has only been spotted running on the side at practice over the past several days, Giants coach Tom Coughlin revealed on Friday that he expects Cruz to make his 2015 debut against the Buffalo Bills in Week 4.
“That’s what we’ve been told,” Coughlin said according to Paul Schwartz of the New York Post.
Cruz has been dealing with a strained calf in addition to rehabbing from a ruptured patellar tendon in his right knee that he suffered last season. He was expected to be ready for the start of the 2015 season before the setback, and Coughlin provided very few updates on Cruz’s status prior to Friday.
“He’s improving and we’re hoping,” Coughlin said. “He’s running. He’ll be running all weekend, and we’re hoping that there’s nothing but straight ahead positives in all his activities, and we’ll see next wee

Based on the incredible true story – “something beyond the power of words to describe…” Nothing you have experienced can prepare you… 
 
EVEREST: the IMAX 3D Experience® releases onto Ster-Kinekor’s five IMAX® screens around the country on Friday, 18 September. If there is one film that should be experienced in the immersive IMAX theatre, it is EVEREST: a film that features the highest mountain in the world as its central character should be viewed on the country’s biggest screens. 
 
This gripping human drama is based on the true story of two Everest expeditions in 1996. It will have audiences on the edge of their IMAX seats, gripping onto their ropes and each other, as they make the perilously dangerous climb to the summit of the world’s highest mountain, step by laboured step with the film’s characters. 
 
The IMAX release of EVEREST has been digitally re-mastered into the image and sound quality of An IMAX 3D Experience® with proprietary IMAX DMR® (Digital Re-mastering) technology. The crystal-clear images coupled with IMAX’s customised theatre geometry and powerful digital audio, create a unique environment that will make audiences feel as if they are in the movie – and on the mountain! 
 
Inspired by the incredible events surrounding an attempt to reach the summit of the world’s highest mountain, EVEREST documents the awe-inspiring journey of two different expedition teams, challenged beyond their limits by one of the fiercest snowstorms ever encountered by mankind. Their mettle tested by the harshest elements found on the planet, the climbers face nearly impossible obstacles as a lifelong obsession becomes a breathtaking struggle for survival. 
 
This epic adventure stars a stellar cast of actors including Jason Clarke, Josh Brolin, John Hawkes, Robin Wright, Michael Kelly, Sam Worthington, Keira Knightley, Emily Watson and Jake Gyllenhaal. The film is produced by Baltasar Kormakur. 
 
Some live and some die, but as one character notes: “The last word always belongs to the mountain…” 
 
View the EVEREST trailer here: 
 
[embedded content] 
 
The high-altitude thriller, EVEREST, makes its mark on the IMAX® 3D screens at Ster-Kinekor Gateway in Durban. The film also releases at all Ster-Kinekor cinemas nationally in 2D and 3D on the same day. Bookings are now open. The running time of the film is 2hrs 2mins and it carries a 7-9 PG restriction. 
 
For more information on Ster-Kinekor and IMAX®, download the Ster-Kinekor App on your smart phone for updates and to book tickets from your mobile. To find out what other exciting promotions Ster-Kinekor has on offer, visit www.sterkinekor.com or sterkinekor.mobi. Follow @sterkinekor on Twitter or Ster-Kinekor Theatres on

neurosciencenews:


New Technology Enables Completely Paralyzed Man to Voluntarily Move His Legs

Robotic step training and noninvasive spinal stimulation enable patient to take thousands of steps.

Image: This is Mark Pollock with trainer Simon O'Donnell. Credit: Mark Pollock.

Tim Ernst grew up in Williamsville playing video games like “Mega Man” and “The Legend of Zelda” on his console, and “Ultima” and “Warcraft”... Read…  
Tim Ernst grew up in Williamsville playing video games like “Mega Man” and “The Legend of Zelda” on his console, and “Ultima” and “Warcraft” on his computer. 

“I loved them. They were something I just saw so much potential in,” Ernst said. “It was always heartbreaking to play a game that was terrible. And if you played one that was amazing, it was just an unbelievable experience. 

” 

Today, he gets to play – and design, and develop – video games for a living. Ernst, 34, is general manager of Kabam Games, where he oversees about 100 employees in the company’s San Francisco development studio. 

He’s playing a leading role in the company’s latest mobile game, “Star Wars: Uprising,” which came out Thursday and is tied to the eagerly awaited next installment in the “Star Wars” movie franchise, set for release in December. 

Kabam has found a niche in making interactive, role-playing games for smartphones and tablets. The games are free to download and play but offer users the chance to pay for additional items within the game. 

It’s one segment of the massive, highly competitive video-game market, in which Ernst got his start with an internship at Ubisoft while studying at Yale University. He later worked at Sega of America and Bedlam Games before joining Kabam four years ago. 

The Canisius High School graduate spoke to The News during a recent trip to Western New York, where he visited family and tried to squeeze in stops at Duff’s Famous Wings, Gabriel’s Gate, Mighty Taco, Wegmans and other hometown favorites. 

Q: Is making video games work? 

A: Clearly we’re not just playing games. We, to a certain extent, do rocket science inside of video games. But it’s sure enjoyable – it’s an industry full of passionate people. 

Q: Kabam’s niche is in role-playing games, or RPGs, for mobile devices. What are they? 

A: A role-playing game is really a video game world. It’s got to be complete, with people you talk to, a story. But your character, your customization, your choices, as well as how you interact with both people in the game, and other people playing the game, is what makes the genre unique. 

Q: Are role-playing games a small part of the market compared to console and PC games? 

A: No, it is it not a small segment of the overall industry. In fact, multiple games last year made over $1 billion themselves. So, there has been success. And the people that have been successful have stayed at the top for a long period of time. It’s also a growth market because of international – specifically China. China’s a huge market that console games, traditional games, have not been able to break into. 

Q: How do you provide the immersed gaming experience you get from playing on a desktop or console to people playing on their phones? 

A: That’s one of the things that we’re trying to pioneer. We just released a game seven months ago called “Marvel: Contest of Champions,” which is a fighting game that had some light story elements. And really it’s about making it a game – it’s not a mobile game being an apology. So we’re trying to push more the true, classic video game experiences inside of a phone. And that does mean that if we’re making an RPG (role playing game), we have to tell our story a little differently – our pacing’s very different. 

Q: “Star Wars: Uprising” will be free to download and play. How does Kabam make money through the game? 

A: The basis of free to play is everybody can download it because we want as many people as possible to start playing it. And, really, the core of free play is being able to offer people what we call “pay against the grind.” So if you want to do something in the game, and it’s going to take you a couple of extra hours – it’s not like a timer, but let’s say I have to run 10 dungeons – there’s a route to kind of make that a lot shorter. It’s optional. 

Q: How does the game fit within the “Star Wars” storyline? 

A: “Star Wars: Uprising” is set in the Anoat Sector, which you could call the “Empire Strikes Back” sector. So it’s Hoth, Cloud City, the planets around there. And it’s right after “Return of the Jedi.” So this is time that nobody has explored in games. Basically, after the emperor, Death Star II, and the emperor is killed, the governor of the system, Governor Adelhard, basically puts an iron blockade down. Now, he’s an imperialist. He believes that what the Empire’s doing is truly great for the galaxy. And he puts a blockade that prevents trade, that prevents rebel propaganda. But ultimately you’re pushing back against Adelhard’s iron blockade. And there’s five factions. The Rebel Alliance is one of the factions. 

Q: Is it completely open-ended, or is there a way to win the game? 

A: I don’t know that there’s winning, because it’s a living world. But clearly you want to win, you want to beat the Empire. And we don’t really look at it as just a game or a packaged product. This is a service, and we want to create the Star Wars community, the place for everyone to live their “Star Wars” dream. So how you push back against the Empire is part of the game, and one of the parts that will evolve. And as the community reacts, t…

Fri, Sep 4 – The PotashCorp Fireworks Festival is underway on the riverbank in Saskatoon. Here’s raw video footage from Friday when France’s Pyragric showed off their talent on the Labour Day long weekend.

By (Reuters) - Wall Street rose on Thursday after European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi hinted at additional stimulus measures and ahead of a key U.S. jobs report that could figure in the Federal Reserve's decision about when to lift interest rates.

Major U.S. indices relinquished stronger gains of over 1 percent but stayed in positive territory, with ongoing worries about China's economy on the minds of investors.

"Whether it's in the U.S., Japan or Europe, the market likes quantitative easing," said Joe Saluzzi, co-manager of trading at Themis Trading in Chatham, New Jersey. "But China concerns have not gone away." 

"I’m expecting choppiness for a while longer."

Draghi's remarks came a day ahead of the monthly U.S. nonfarm payrolls data, which is expected to show that the economy added 220,000 nonfarm jobs in August, up from 215,000 in July.

The combination of a healing U.S. labour market and worries about a stumbling Chinese economy are challenging the Fed as it heads into a meeting on Sept 16-17 where it may raise interest rates for the first time since 2006.

Near-zero rates have allowed the U.S. stock market to stage a spectacular bull-run since the financial crisis. But the market was rocked by volatility in the past two weeks, triggered by fears of slowing growth in China.

Some investors believe the market turmoil, which left the S&P 500 with its biggest monthly drop in three years in August, may lead the Fed to delay a rate hike until the end of the year.

The CBOE Volatility index .VIX, known as Wall Street's "fear gauge", fell 1.65 percent to 25.64 on Thursday, slightly above the long-term average of 20. The index had spiked as much as 53.29 early last week.

At 2:53 pm, the Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 0.37 percent to 16,412.58 and the S&P 500 .SPX gained 0.41 percent to 1,956.93. The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 0.09 percent to 4,754.28.

Nine of the 10 major S&P sectors were higher, with the telecommunications index's .SPLRCL 1.0 percent rise leading the advancers.

Apple was the biggest drag on S&P 500 with a 1.36 percent drop while Intel's 2.15 percent gain helped push the index higher.

Joy Global's shares were down 16 percent after the mining equipment maker reported a fall in quarterly profit and cut its full-year forecast.

Caterpillar also fell 2.6 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow.

Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,961 to 1,012. On the Nasdaq, 1,530 issues rose and 1,236 fell.

The S&P 500 index showed no new 52-week highs and one new low, while the Nasdaq recorded 28 new highs and 32 new lows.

(Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Chizu Nomiyama)

Liverpool fans, hello and welcome to your daily round-up. 
 
With the international break coming to an end it’s almost time to get back into the usual routine of football every weekend and a smattering of rumours during the week. 
 
What are we talking about? Almost time? It is time! Read below for all the latest on Liverpool, and remember to watch the video embedded for the major headlines. 
 SIGN UP NOW  
Want to become a GMS writer? Sign up now and submit a 250 word test article: http://gms.to/haveyoursay4 
 
This summer’s transfer window may have been a profitable one for Liverpool, but Brendan Rodgers is already turning his attentions to next year’s market. 
 
That’s according to reports that suggest the Reds continue to send scouts to watch Real Betis midfielder Dani Ceballos, ahead of a possible bid for his services in the future. 
 
The youngster has less than a year remaining on his contract and a buy-out clause of £7.5million, with Liverpool having the option to attempt to purchase him for a cut-price fee in January. 
 

 
It’s said they will face competition from Arsenal, with Ceballos looking likely to sign a pre-contract agreement for an English move next year. 
 Balotelli's Real joke  
Meanwhile Mario Balotelli has admitted that Real Madrid are a ‘dream club’, refuting reports that he made a joke about them in the past. 
 
The Italian took to Twitter to slam those who said he had aimed a dig at Real via a statement about Barcelona, claiming he would never make fun of Los Blancos. 
 Rooney on Sterling  
Bringing up the rear Wayne Rooney has had his say on Raheem Sterling’s controversial Anfield departure, and he has backed it. 
 

 
The Manchester United forward said that he thought Sterling seemed ‘settled’ at Man City and had started the season excellenty. That can only mean good things for the Three Lions. 
 
Do YOU want to write for GiveMeSport? Get started today by signing-up and submitting an article HERE: http://gms.to/writeforgms

Country music sort of lives in this bubble, and everyone is a little bit scared to poke that…  
By Sarah Boesveld September 14, 2015 12:09 PM 

The country radio DJ pauses before biting the bullet: “Has anyone been like ‘What the hell are you doing?'” she asks. 

“Every single day,” Thomas Rhett says without missing a beat. 

A half hour earlier, a dozen industry types, seated before a massive control board and a big cake sheet lined with strawberries, bopped their heads to Rhett’s “progressive” country record — one marketed to lead a sonic shift in a genre of which they are still the gatekeepers. 

“Oooh, you look so dang hot in my T-shirt” thumps one track — titled T-shirt, appropriately enough — that likens the girl in the song to a model in a Guns ‘N Roses video. “Pour a little liquor in my coconut water” repeats the infectious hook of Vacation. There’s a rap interlude from Lunch Money Lewis; a sexy duet with pop star Jordin Sparks. 

The artist blaring from the speakers sat just outside the listening session — too nervous, he said, to watch people take in tracks from his sophomore album ‘Tangled Up.’ He strides in when it’s over, bedroom eyes scanning the room for a reaction. 

“It’s fun,” the group initially declares before the question on everyone’s mind gets asked. 

The son of 90’s country singer and Nashville songwriter Rhett Akins, Rhett made his debut in 2013 with ‘bro’ songs like ‘Get Me Some of That’ and ‘It Goes Like This’ — his star seemingly reliant on the dirt road theme of the day. But in the past year, Rhett’s undergone a metamorphosis: first with his BeeGees-inspired ‘Make Me Wanna’ and then with ‘Crash & Burn,’ the Sam Cooke-style debut single off a forthcoming record that marries soul, pop, disco, electronic dance music (EDM) and a dash of rap with what’s typically known as country. 

The single Rhett was terrified to release has since become his fastest rising, biggest selling song. And nestled in the Country Billboard Top 10 this summer betwixt hits like Sam Hunt’s party-hearty ‘House Party’ and ‘Like a Wrecking Ball,’ the soulful sex-jam from Erich Church, his risk at least feels of the moment. There is comfort in acknowledging the chart-busting success of genre-blurring acts like Florida Georgia Line (who Rhett has supported on tour), Luke Bryan and Hunt, whose nearly pure-pop and R&B debut album has made him something of a (controversial) pioneer. 

“It’s very liberating” Rhett said in an interview, reflecting on his move away from “bro” and towards something entirely new. “Someone the other day was like ‘Man, I don’t know if you know this, but I feel like you’re on the brink of leading a new direction of music. 

’” 

But in the minds of traditionalists, a new direction isn’t something to which a country musician should aspire. To guys like Kyle Coroneos, who runs the website SavingCountryMusic.com, country is a genre not to be tampered with. Country music is about preserving tradition. It always has been and always will be. 

He calls this disco/EDM iteration a “bro-hangover.” The idea that bringing other genre-influences into country right now is risky, or pushing the envelope, or taking the genre somewhere new and exciting is disingenuous, he says. Instead, it contributes to one giant “mono-genre,” which he believes the merging of hip-hop and country has become. 

“The risk for country music is when you start going this far out of your boundaries, you begin to lose control of the music, you begin to lose control of your identity,” he said. “Country music is unique because it has so much of its own infrastructure and traditions — no other genre of music has four major awards shows every year, not even rock or EDM or rap. 

” 

The genre-blending and trend-chasing is exactly the fate that befell rock radio, he said. “In the 1990s and early 2000s, rock became the catch-all phrase,” he said. “What happened was it lost its identity and it sort of imploded. I think it could happen” with country music. 

Rhett doesn’t believe his music is going to cause the downfall of country music. “We’re one of those genres that sort of lives in this bubble that everyone is a little bit scared to poke that bubble, because we’re worried about what will happen when that bubble breaks,” said Rhett. “To me, I want to be that artist that when my buddies are watching me side-stage, they’ll say ‘Dang, I can’t believe they just did that in their concert.’ Or they hear a song on the record and go ‘How in the world did they cut that song and get away with it?’ There’s something kind of rebelliously fun about it. 

” 

He cites mainstream country rebel Church as inspiration, his latest rock-influenced record ‘The Outsiders’ is stacked with successful radio hits, despite its many middle-finger-to-the-man moments. But in the minds of critics, that rebelliousness is a far cry from the stuff of Willie & Waylon and more indicative of Nashville chasing the next biggest money-making thing. 

Despite all of the pop experimentation, the country music genre lives in two stubborn solitudes: There’s ‘real’ country and there’s that crap you hear on the radio. But if you’re going to refer to something as ‘real’ country, you have to have a definition of what ‘real’ country is. 

If Thomas Rhett wants to put out an album in the style of Bruno Mars and have EDM and R&B stuff … I am 100% for it. You go, Thomas Rhett. You do that. But don’t do it and sell it to country fans 

Country music’s identity is very much rooted in geography — there’s Texas Swing out of the Lone Star State; there’s Kentucky bluegrass, there’s The Bakersfield Sound in California, which was a grittier, more direct response to the slick sounds coming out of Countrypolitan Nashville. 

Perhaps the current outcry of traditionalists is a little reminiscent of the origins of rock ‘n’ roll — the combination of blues, country and gospel broke all the rules in the 1950s and pushed so many gatekeeper buttons. While Rhett’s hip gyrations are the closest he’ll ever get to Elvis, maybe his Bruno Mars covers are indeed pushing the boundaries in a good way — reminding the country music world that nothing ever new or interesting has come from colouring inside the lines. 

And if there would be no rock ‘n roll without blues, country and gospel, there would be no co…

In her Wexner retrospective, filmmaker Penelope Spheeris excavates her iconic and primal past  
It was Black Flag squatting in a dilapidated church.  Darby Crash muttering his classic “puzzled panther” musings. A coked-up Ozzy cooking an egg, or the infamous scene  of W.A.S.P. guitarist Chris Holmes chugging straight  vodka from his swimming pool as his mother looks on. 
 
Director Penelope Spheeris’ iconic Decline of Western Civilization series of documentaries were fly-on-the-wall portraits of the Los Angeles’ subcultures in full bloom—and in mid-decay. 
 
But for the longest time, save the occasional midnight screening or happened upon bootleg VHS copy, the Decline films and their raw portrayal of the burgeoning punk and metal scenes were never given their proper due in the age of the DVD. That’s all about to change with the Shout! Factory re-issues of the entire trilogy, filled with hours and hours of extras giving Spheeris a closure to her work. There were no copyright issues or finagling with bands wanting a chunk of change in their twilight years—it was simply a matter of Spheeris feeling instinctively unnerved at watching her life pass before her. It was footage she couldn’t handle watching. 
 
Speaking with a very confident and still invigorated Spheeris, it was apparent she knows her arena as a filmmaker. Despite being responsible for hits such as Wayne’s World , Black Sheep , and, to a lesser degree, The Little Rascals , it’s the Decline films that have become her calling card and life’s work. The only way to convey her enthusiasm about her upcoming visit to the Wexner Center to introduce the landmark first film is through our brief, but enlightening conversation. 
 
Growing up around a lot of cultural shifts, during The Decline of Western Civilization , you were in your mid-30s. Were you a part of that scene? What drew you to document that particular punk scene in Los Angeles? I had been going to those punk clubs. I was definitely a part of the scene and I knew most of the people in the movie before I decided to make a movie. I was older, but I think I was still working out my childhood issues and I saw their childhood issues and decided to make a film about it. 
 
Speaking of childhoods, I truly feel that the film shaped the way I appreciate music and what I appreciate, so that’s a really good answer.  Good. That’s good to hear. 
 
I guess the same question is relevant for The Decline of Western Civilization II: The Metal Years , which was made seven years later. Were you equally attracted to the metal scene in Los Angeles, or were you just playing the role of documentarian?  I’ll have to be honest with you. I was going to those clubs too. I wouldn’t have made that movie if I wasn’t a part of that scene as well. I’m ashamed to admit that I was a part of that scene. 
 
You shouldn’t be ashamed. I think in a lot of ways, those first two films were blueprints for their respective scenes, or genres. Especially The Metal Years , where putting a band like London up against clips of Ozzy and Kiss posed an interesting juxtaposition. I haven’t talked about this much, because with these re-releases I didn’t want to watch any of it. I was forced to watch this again. I couldn’t handle it. But when I look at them I see so many aspects of attitude and style and trends that are still prevalent to everyday life. When I filmed them, they were unique. 
 
Just the jargon even, the language… the word “headbanging” for instance. I love the part when the audience members are explaining to you just exactly what “headbanging” entailed.  Yeah. I think that was eventually a cemented part of our culture with the “Bohemian Rhapsody” scene in Wayne’s World . At the same time, it kind of killed the authenticity of something that was once an honest part of a culture. 
 
I didn’t want to even touch Wayne’s World and just focus on the Decline films, but I do think that for you, Wayne’s World may have been this zenith of punk and metal—like your ironic raspberry towards what was then considered “alternative.”  I think I got to do Wayne’s World because of The Metal Years . There wasn’t anyone else who was a director in Hollywood who knew anything about that music either way. Plus I knew Lorne Michaels. It changed my life. I kind of wished I hadn’t made it only because I could have made the films I wanted to make but then I would’ve been broke. But yeah, it pokes fun at a lot from my past.” 
 
For me, seeing the original Decline was a sort of cultural gauntlet. I was 13 and watching from a dubbed VHS copy. Did you have the foresight when you made it that it could be that type of landmark for that scene and that music?  Well there was a guy in Singapore the other day who asked me how the kids in the third Decline could have seen the first Decline since it wasn’t available, but you just explained it. What happened was, even though it wasn’t available it became an underground contraband and established it that way. 
 
Is there any kind of subculture or counter-culture that you see currently that is vital? Something that you would like to expose or document? What is IV?  The answer to that and I’m sure you’ll understand, is that today everyone has a camera. I hate to say the subject matter because of that, because anyone can go and make that movie now. But somewhere deep down in the bottom of the hard drive of one of those movies is the beginning of Decline IV . I’m looking forward to doing it and people are always for it. 
 
Spheeris will introduce the original Decline of Western Civilization on Friday, October 23 at the Wexner Center at 7 p.m. Parts II and III will screen on Saturday, October 25 at 2 p.m.

The borrowing party is about to end for smaller and more debt-laden oil producers, WSJ reports, with drillers bracing for cuts to their credit lines next month as banks re-evaluate how much energy companies’ oil and gas properties are worth and the low price of oil catches up to the producers.  Some smaller companies already are negotiating with their lenders, dumping assets at low prices and delaying payments to vendors.  "With eight bankruptcies already announced this year, weaker producers could live or die by the whims of capital providers," and banks will reduce borrowing bases by as much as 15%, according to Citi analysts, which WSJ says would dry up ~$10B of liquidity.  More distress likely is in store for many companies because the hedges they purchased as protection against low oil prices are increasingly expiring. ETFs: XLE, VDE, ERX, OIH, XOP, ERY, FCG, DIG, GASL, DUG, BGR, XES, IYE, IEO, IEZ, FENY, PXE, FIF, PXJ, PSCE, NDP, RYE, FXN, DDG

Saturday, September 12, 2015 04:34 AM.  
  
It has been said that Arsenal and Tottenham will be going head to head to land the signature of FC Basel star Breel Embolo. 
 
But it has been said that both clubs also face competition from West Ham United who are also wanted to sign the youngster in January. 
 
However it has been said that the youngster is not wanting to leave Basel just yet as he is wanting to continue his development with the club. 
 
“I decided for FC Basel,” Embolo said. 
 
“I did not want to go away at last minute away because I want to develop myself here.”

September 01, 2015 16:32 GMT  
 
ROANOKE, Va. (AP) -- The latest on the funeral for Adam Ward, the WDBJ-TV cameraman who was fatally shot by a former co-worker on live TV Wednesday in Moneta, Virginia (all times local): 
 
Noon: 
 
The pastor at the church attended by Adam Ward's family told mourners that just as in life, the WDBJ-TV cameraman has left an impact on others through his death. 
 
The Rev. Rob Lough told more than 500 people at Ward's funeral at First Baptist Church in Roanoke about Ward's compassion and laughter, his passion and wit. 
 
Lough related several jokes that the Virginia Tech graduate would tell at the expense of archrival University of Virginia. 
 
Lough told several stories, including the time Ward's principal at Salem High School, who uses a wheelchair, challenged him to a race. 
 
Another story was about when Ward disrupted the press box at Virginia Tech's football stadium by cheering after the Hokies scored a touchdown. 
 
Lough says Ward loved people -- "and the people loved Adam Ward." 
 
11:30 a.m. 
 
With mourners packing the modern, massive First Baptist Church, the funeral of slain WDBJ-TV cameraman Adam Ward is underway in Roanoke. 
 
Five pews at the front left of the church were reserved for the family. WDBJ employees filled eight pews on the church's front right side. 
 
A wreath of Virginia Tech orange and deep red flowers was draped over Ward's closed casket. He graduated from the school in 2011. 
 
Behind the altar, an 80-member choir in white robes and a 10-member string section waited to perform as an organist played hymns before the funeral began. 
 
Three stories up in the balcony, a two-man production crew adjusted sound and light boards. 
 
5:20 a.m. 
 
A funeral is set for a 27-year-old television cameraman who was fatally shot along with a station reporter. 
 
Adam Ward's funeral will be held Tuesday at First Baptist Church in Roanoke, Virginia, a few miles from where he worked. 
 
Ward and WDBJ morning reporter Alison Parker were gunned down by a former co-worker on live television during an interview Aug. 26. 
 
On Monday, Ward was remembered at a reception at his high school for his infectious personality, youthful enthusiasm and rabid love for alma mater Virginia Tech. 
 
In his open casket at the Salem High School auditorium, Ward's body was dressed in a Hokies cap and white shirt. Well over 1,000 mourners attended the reception.

IMAGE: This is a female of Sphex flammeus, a new species named after its strikingly red body. view more Credit: Thorleif Dörfel, Museum für Naturkunde After being mostly neglected for more than a hundred years, a group of digger wasps from Australia has been given a major overhaul in terms of species descriptions and identification methods. This approach has led to an almost 50% rise in the number of recognized species of these wasps on the continent. The study was published in the open access journal ZooKeys.They call them with names like "Great Golden Digger" or "Great Black Wasp" in the US and there is a good reason behind it. However, some of these digger wasp species do not impress solely with their looks, but also with their wide range of distribution. Members of the wasp genus Sphex can be found in almost every area of the world. Two researchers from the Museum für Naturkunde in Berlin, Thorleif Dörfel and Dr. Michael Ohl, have now reexamined the species diversity of Sphex in Australia.More than a century has passed since the last revision of this group in the Down Under. Using pinned, dried individuals from museum collections all over the world, Dörfel and Ohl inspected over 900 specimens and recorded the morphological characters that they deemed most useful for species differentiation.A very different lifestyle sets apart some species in the genus Sphex from the common idea that most people evoke on hearing the term "wasp". Not being eusocial, each female constructs a separate, subterranean nest for their offspring, which is then filled with grasshoppers (or other insects, depending on the wasp species) that have been paralyzed by a sting as a food supply for the larvae. These wasps avoid contact with humans and generally do not show aggressive behavior toward us.With 23 species known from Australia before this study, now the number has risen to 34. Most of these newly discovered species come from large quantities of material which had not been identified up to species level before. Dörfel and Ohl's work also provides an up-to-date identification key, both in a regular and in an interactive form, that covers all known Australian species of the genus. Specifically designed to be easily usable and containing many helpful images, it can be utilized by anyone with even minimal prior training."Many insect groups are in urgent need of a revision or reclassification", explained Thorleif Dörfel. "Our understanding of ecosystems depends on the ability to identify the species that are a part of them. The focus of this study was merely a single continent, but we are currently preparing a follow-up project in which we plan to examine representatives of this wasp genus from every major geographic area. Hopefully, this is going to help everybody who works on these animals, whether now or in another one hundred years."###Original source:Dörfel TH, Ohl M (2015) A revision of the Australian digger wasps in the genus Sphex (Hymenoptera, Sphecidae). ZooKeys 521: 1-104. doi: 10.3897/zookeys.521.5995Additional contact:Dr. Michael Ohl Email: michael.ohl@mfn-berlin.deTelephone: ++49-30-2093-8507

The fuel economy and smog ratings are shown on the sticker price of a 2015 Passat limited edition vehicle at a Volkswagen dealership in Escondido, California, September 21, 2015. — Reuters pic FRANKFURT, Sept 22 — German auto giant Volkswagen’s shares plummeted nearly 20 per cent yesterday as investigations spread into revelations that hundreds of thousands of its diesel cars have software that secretly thwarts US pollution tests. 
 
Volkswagen, the world’s largest automaker by sales in the first half of this year, said it had halted all diesel vehicle sales in the United States during a probe into the scandal, which could lead to fines of more than US$18 billion (RM76.786 billion). 
 
In addition to the environmental fines, US authorities have reportedly launched a criminal investigation into the company. 
 
According to the US authorities, VW admitted that it had equipped about 482,000 cars in the US with sophisticated software that covertly turns off pollution controls when the car is being driven and turns them on only when it detects that the car is undergoing an emissions test. 
 
With the so-called “defeat device” deactivated, the car can spew pollutant gases into the air, including nitrogen oxide in amounts as much as 40 per cent higher than emissions standards, said the US Environmental Protection Agency, which announced the allegations Friday along with California authorities. 
 
“Using a defeat device in cars to evade clean air standards is illegal, and a threat to public health,” said Cynthia Giles, enforcement officer at the EPA. 
 
In Germany, currently hosting the Frankfurt motor show vaunting the industry’s strengths and environmental credentials, the government launched an investigation into whether Volkswagen or other carmakers are doing anything similar in Germany or Europe. 
 
Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt told the Bild daily that he had asked Germany’s Federal Motor Transport Authority “to immediately have specific and extensive tests conducted on all Volkswagen diesel models by independent experts.” 
 
South Korea’s Yonhap news agency said that authorities there, too, would conduct emissions tests on three Volkswagen car models in mid-October to check for similar deception. 
 
Beyond the potential fines and lawsuits, and the billions of euros that evaporated in Volkswagen’s stock market value as its shares plunged 18.19 per cent to €133 (RM635), wiping out more than US$15 billion, the company faces a potentially crippling blow to its reputation. 
 
 Criminal probe launched 
 
The vehicles affected are four-cylinder VW and Audi diesel cars in the US built since 2008. 
 
In addition to the EPA’s probe, the US Department of Justice has launched a criminal investigation into the German automaker’s alleged violation of US air pollution laws, according to media reports yesterday. 
 
First reported by Bloomberg, the criminal probe piles more pressure on VW. 
 
Contacted by AFP, neither the Justice Department nor Volkswagen chose to comment on the probe. 
 
The EPA said that the agency had not issued a formal recall for the VW vehicles but expects to “compel” the company to issue a recall to reduce the emissions impacts of those vehicles. 
 
“Depending on the complexity of the repair and the lead time needed to obtain the necessary components, it could take up to one year to identify corrective actions, develop a recall plan, and issue recall notices,” the US agency said. 
 
The EPA also said yesterday that it will screen for defeat devices in other manufacturers’ diesel vehicles currently on the road, though declined to identify the automakers whose vehicles will be tested. 
 
 Deeply sorry 
 
VW chief executive Martin Winterkorn issued an apology Sunday, vowing that the group would cooperate with authorities and ordering an external investigation of its own into the matter. 
 
“The board of management takes these findings very seriously. I personally am deeply sorry that we have broken the trust of our customers and the public. We will cooperate fully with the responsible agencies, with transparency and urgency, to clearly, openly and completely establish all of the facts of this case,” Winterkorn said. 
 
“We at Volkswagen will do everything that must be done in order to re-establish the trust that so many people have placed in us, and we will do everything necessary in order to reverse the damage this has caused. This matter has first priority for me, personally, and for our entire board of management,” Winterkorn said. 
 
Christian Stadler of Warwick Business School said there was “no question that this is a big problem for Volkswagen and could lead to CEO Winterkorn losing his job after all.” 
 
Winterkorn, 68, has been chief executive since 2007, but clashed with other leadership earlier this year. 
 
 Image damaged 
 
Stefan Bratzel, director at the Center for Automotive Management, a research group, said the damage to VW’s image would be as great as the financial fines. 
 
Another leading German auto expert, Ferdinand Dudenhoeffer, agreed.  
 
“It will be tough for VW to regain its credibility in the United States after this incident,” he said. 
 
In the US, Edmunds.com analyst Jessica Caldwell said “it is in Volkswagen’s best interest to publicly address steps to fix this mess as soon as possible before it loses its customer base for good.” 
 
German Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel expressed confidence that VW would clear up the matter quickly and thoroughly.  
 
And he insisted the reputation of “Made in Germany” technology would not be tarnished. — AFP

Gulf Business » UAE - 9/8/2015 2:27:56 PM - GMT (+4 )    
The Skyline Towers comprise of 34 floors and will become Dubailand’s tallest structure when completed in 2018 
 
The post Tanmiyat Global launches twin tower development in Dubailand appeared first on Gulf Business . 

read more

TULSA, Okla. — 

Quick facts: 
An inmate was found dead in a Tulsa County jail cell Saturday. Officials have not released his name. 
Tulsa County sheriff’s investigators are trying to learn more about an inmate found dead in a cell Saturday afternoon. 

A jail worker discovered the 54-year-old inmate unresponsive just before 4:30 p.m. 

First responders performed CPR, but the man died. 

His name has not been released. 

Sheriff’s officials say there were no signs of trauma. 

The medical examiner’s office is performing an autopsy.

By Ikechukwu Okaforadi

 

The Chief of Staff to President Mohammadu Buhari Lawal Kyari and the Special Adviser to the President on National Assembly matters Ita Enang yesterday evening submitted the first batch of President Mohammadu Buhari’s ministerial nominees to the Senate President Bukola Saraki

 

In a twitter message by the Senate President he acknowledged the receipt of the list as at exactly 520pm yesterday even though no further details was made by him on those in the list

 

“I can confirm that I just received the list of ministerial nominees from President Mohammadu Buhari” Saraki’s twitter handle said

 

He had earlier twitted by 400pm during the waiting game for the ministerial nominees that he had yet to receive the list as at that time

 

However earlier during the plenary the Peoples Democratic Party PDP senators had lamented that the President was keeping the nation in endless wait

 

President Buhari had during his visit to United States of America in July told journalists that he will name his cabinet members in September a promise he further repeated in Ghana early last month that Nigerians will know his ministers by the end of September

 

But when the list was not received as at yesterday plenary session of the Senate the Peoples Democratic Party PDP senators through the Minority LeaderGodswill Akpabio  Akwa Ibom North West sought clarification

 

Akpabio who came through a point of order under matter of urgent importance asked the Senate President  Bukola Saraki on why he did not announce any communication from the President on ministerial nominees as widely expected and in line with the President’s promise

 

He noted that the nation’s newspapers in the last couple of weeks have been awash with stories of ministerial appointments by the president and further asked the Senate President why he received the list from President Buhari and was hiding it from his colleagues

 

As Saraki attempted to answer Akpabio’s question Deputy Senate LeaderIbn Bala Na’AllahAPCKebbi South raised another point of order upon which he explained that the day was still young saying since the day’s session ends by 1230pm there was still the hope that the president would transmit the list of ministerial nominees to the Upper Chamber before the close of the session

 

He also said since the day ends by 1159pm there was still hope that the list could come before the time

 

The Senate President however ruled Akpabio out of order 

 

Making further clarifications later on the much expected list to journalists the Chairman Senate’ Ad Hoc Committee on Media and Publicity Dino Melaye  APC Kogi West said the news making the rounds that the list has been received by the Senate President was untrue

 

“As far as the Senate is concerned the much expected ministerial list  has not been received ”  he said

 

He however added that the list will definitely be received by the Senate President  Bukola Saraki before the next Senate ‘s plenary session next week Tuesday and will be thoroughly and expeditiously considered

 

“We want to announce that we are still waiting for the ministerial list from Mr president and I want to advise that their is no need for agitation as September expires by 12 mid night today

 

“We want to assure Nigeria that as soon as we get possession of this list we will communicate same to Nigerians through the National assembly press Corp

 

“Once again we want to reassure Nigeria again that we will attend to the ministerial nominees expeditiously but diligently

“Due process will be followed and I repeat that it is not going to be business as usual we are going to properly screen all nominees and only those who meet the constitutional and moral requirements shall be cleared” he said

It was eviction day on Big Brother. And, after a week of pretty much everyone shouting at pretty much everyone else, that meant tough decisions for everyone. 
  
#CBB eviction night! I can't decide who I want out! I hate/love them all! #evictionnight  #UKvsUSA 
 
— Lorraine (@lorrainemaden) September 4, 2015 
  
But before we got to the eviction, we had to suffer through some more shouting. 
 
Big Brother set up a high tea, in which some of the American “servants” were given the task of making the British “royals” angry – leading to one of the most hateful segments of a TV show ever seen. 
 
With Farrah in attendance, there was never any doubt they would succeed. She was throwing around some vile and idiotic insults at anyone and everyone – “retard” and “gay homo” were among the highlights. 
  
Farrah overstepped the mark! Task or not! #CBB 
 
— Big Brother 24/7 (@bbuk247) September 4, 2015 
  
I know that Farrah is on a task, but that was too far and personal. #CBB 
 
— Foreverbbuk (@foreverbbuk) September 4, 2015 
  
Farrah may be on a task but I can't help but feel she's letting out her true feelings here. She is vile. There's a line. #CBB 
 
— Big Brother Superfan (@BB_Superfan) September 4, 2015 
  
Task or no task….. #CBBFarrah is disgusting and foul #CBB  #BBUK 
 
— Phil (@Philxxx2010) September 4, 2015 
 
It was horrible. Unless you were this guy. 
  
That was the best and funniest 5 minutes of #CBB ever  
 
— Garry Walpole (@GJ69) September 4, 2015 
 
Then there was a clip of Farrah being reminded of the rules about language in the diary room and apologising. And that was it. 
  
#CBBUK so Farrah just has to say she's sorry and we're supposed to be okay about it? Fuck that homophobia is not okay & #CBB encouraged it 
 
— Molly (@__Molly) September 4, 2015 
  
Are you fucking serious? That's all she gets? Big Brother is only politically correct when it wants to be. #CBB  #CBBUK 
 
— J.Σ (@jayeddyy) September 4, 2015 
  
A new all-time low #CBB  #channel5 
 
— Tim West (@TimDWest) September 4, 2015 
  
Can't believe Big Brother has just promoted bullying, shut this shower of shit down #CBB  #ofcom 
 
— Nathan Le Prevost (@nathanleprevost) September 4, 2015 
  
why is homophobic abuse acceptable on C5? Would Farrah be allowed to use racist abuse and stereotypes as part of "a task"disgusting! #CBBUK 
 
— Gary Bardsley (@GaryBardsley) September 4, 2015 
 
You want a break from the vitriol? 
 
Okay, let’s pause for a moment to take in the horrifying sight of Stevi and Chloe fumbling under the covers. 
  
Stevi and Chloe though #CBB  pic.twitter.com/w5Y3k7nYn5 
 
— Captain Kidd (@kidd_kong78) September 4, 2015 
  
There goes tonight's supper #Bleeuuggh  #CBB  #Stevi  #Chloe 
 
— MISSYOUSTEVIE❤️⚽️ (@Ellabellatwits8) September 4, 2015 
  
Nightly Stevi & Chloe make me want to vom tweet  #CBB 
 
— H.. (@Heather_1705) September 4, 2015 
 
But then it was eviction time, and surely it was just a case of getting the formalities out of the way, saying Farrah’s name and getting her out of all of our lives for good. 
  
Aww, it's Daniel! Give him a RT to say goodbye. #CBB  pic.twitter.com/XVXUgWXPH2 
 
— Big Brother UK (@bbuk) September 4, 2015 
 
Wait, what? When you said Farrah then, it sounded a lot like Daniel. 
  
Our Baldwin brother's time in the House is up – check out his top moments: http://t.co/gINqkSV29e  #CBB  pic.twitter.com/dlwUBo16lZ 
 
— Big Brother UK (@bbuk) September 4, 2015 
 
No, no, no. This will never do. 
  
Nooooo why isn't Farrah out ffs #CBBUK 
 
— Hayley Whitchurch (@haywhitchurch) September 4, 2015 
  
I thought Farrah was a gonna! #CBB  
 
— Tris Morris (@bigstraps) September 4, 2015 
  
How the fuck is Farrah still in there??? #CBBFarrah 
 
— Owen Jones (@owen__jones__) September 4, 2015 
  
How has Farrah not been evicted?! #CBBFarrah  #CBB  #getherout  
 
— Victoria Clement (@vikiclement2) September 4, 2015 
 
And how did this happen? This happened because people were voting on who should stay, rather than voting for who to evict. 
  
#CBB clearly people have got confused with vote to stay instead of vote to leave #cbbdaniel  #CBBUK  #cbbfarrah is a tosspot 
 
— kafrin. (@stylegraduate) September 4, 2015 
 
But then there were also a lot of people saying things like this. 
  
So glad @F1abraham is still in she Sure making big brother entertaining and got the hots for james #CBBUK  #Farrah 
 
— Stephanie Thomas (@St3phani3jayn3) September 4, 2015 
 
So Daniel left… 
 (Ian West/PA) 
…and he was funny and charming in his exit interview… 
  
Ahh! Daniel is so funny, Shame we only get to see this on his eviction night #CBB 
 
— Eliza (@Elizuch1) September 4, 2015 
 
https://twitter.com/__chxrll/status/639910710001201152 
  
Daniel's impression of Chloe is funny & accurate  …He seems a nice guy, shame he's out! #CBB 
 
— Rachel S (@rach22uk) September 4, 2015 
   
 Share article  
    
…but he’s gone. Forget about him. It’s back to the Farrah and Janice show. Good luck, fellow viewers.

In 2011 a Belgian photographer was allowed entry into one of Japan's Yakuza families. Over two years, he captured the lives of those  living in the underworld.

CALGARY, ALBERTA -- (Marketwired) -- 09/08/15 -- Maple Leaf Green World (TSX VENTURE: MGW) ("Maple Leaf" or the "Company") announces it has received subscriptions for 6,000,000 units ($300,000) in respect of its previously announced (see the Company's news release dated September 1, 2015) non-brokered private placement of up to 10,000,000 units ($500,000). The Company is applying to the TSX Venture Exchange for conditional acceptance of its private placement and intends to close on the subscriptions received upon receipt thereof. Each unit offered under the private placement consists of one common share of Maple Leaf and one common share purchase warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional common share of the Company at an exercise price of $0.075 for two years from the date of issue. 

All securities to be issued under the private placement (upon acceptance by the Exchange) will be subject to restrictions on resale for a specified period of not less than four months after closing. The net proceeds of this financing will be used to advance the Company's California medical marijuana project and for general corporate purposes. 

For further information regarding Maple Leaf Green World Inc., visit www.mlgreenworld.com. 

About Maple Leaf Green World Inc. 

Maple Leaf is a Canadian company that focuses in the agricultural/environmental industry with four main areas of activity: 

Neither the TSX Venture Exchange or its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. 

Certain statements in this news release including (i) statements that may contain words such as "anticipate", "could", "expect", "seek", "may" "intend", "will", "believe", "should", "project", "forecast", "plan" and similar expressions, including the negatives thereof, (ii) statements that are based on current expectations and estimates about the markets in which Maple Leaf operates and (iii) statements of belief, intentions and expectations about developments, results and events that will or may occur in the future, constitute "forward-looking statements" and are based on certain assumptions and analysis made by Maple Leaf. There is no assurance that sufficient financing can be raised or that permits will be available to allow the Company to carry out its current projects on a timely basis.

SOURCE College Choice

RALEIGH, N.C. 

This ranking is based exclusively on factors actual college students said were most important to their college decision. According to the most recent annual CIRP Freshmen Survey by the Higher Education Research Institute at UCLA 

The top three spots on the list remain unchanged from last year, with Villanova University 

Universities making the list include (alphabetically ordered):

Alfred University 

Assumption College 

Bentley University, Boston, MA 

Bryant University 

Canisius College 

College of New Jersey 

CUNY--Baruch College 

CUNY--Brooklyn College 

CUNY--City College 

CUNY--Hunter College 

CUNY--Queens College, Flushing, NY 

Emerson College, Boston, MA 

Fairfield University 

Fairleigh Dickinson University 

Gannon University 

Ithaca College 

La Salle University 

Le Moyne College 

Loyola University 

Manhattan College 

Marist College 

Marywood University 

Molloy College 

Montclair State University 

New York Institute of Technology 

Niagara University 

Norwich University 

Notre Dame 

Providence College 

Quinnipiac University 

Ramapo College of New Jersey 

Rider University 

Roberts Wesleyan College 

Rochester Institute of Technology 

Rowan University 

Rutgers 

Salve Regina University 

Simmons College 

St. Francis University, Loretto, PA 

St. Joseph's 

St. Peter's University, Jersey City, NJ 

SUNY College--Oneonta, Oneonta, NY 

SUNY--Geneseo 

SUNY--New Paltz 

Towson University 

University of Scranton 

Villanova University 

Wagner College 

Western New England University 

Wilkes University 

"As with our rankings of national college and universities, when ranking regional universities it made sense to us to consider which factors the largest survey of actual college freshmen said was most important to them when they chose their school," said Jeremy Alder 

The ranking takes into account academic reputation, average amount of scholarship and grant aid per student, overall net cost, and the average starting salary for graduates. Each factor was weighted equally. Data was derived from several publicly available sources, including the National Center for Education Statistics, Payscale.com, and U.S. News & World Report.

College Choice is an independent online publication dedicated to helping students and their families find the right college. The site publishes rankings and reviews that make finding the best colleges for different interests easier and more fun, as well as resources to help students get into, pay for, and thrive at the college of their choice.

Contact:

Jeremy Alder 

Managing Editor, College Choice

http://www.collegechoice.net

(919) 745-8594

Email

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/college-choice-releases-2016-ranking-of-northern-regional-universities-unique-college-rankings-are-based-exclusively-on-factors-entering-freshmen-said-most-important-to-college-decision-300146287.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

On the heels of Willie Nelson's cannabis brand getting serious investment, Snoop Dogg launching a cannabis media empire with venture money, and the impending prospect of new California cannabis regulations, more than 200 high net worth investors from around the world are eager to invest in the fastest growing industry in America will gather in Los Angeles, CA at the ArcView Investor Forum. The ArcView Investor Network includes more than 500 accredited investor members who have put more than $52 million behind 78 cannabis-related companies. Taking place at the LA Downtown Hotel for a two day "Shark Tank"-like pitch forum on Tuesday, September 29th and Wednesday, September 30th, accredited investors will be reviewing pitches from more than 25 companies who competed fiercely for the pitch slots out of a field of hundreds of applicants. It will be the highest concentration of capital and key players to ever assemble for the industry. 

"The best entrepreneurial minds and the sharpest investors are turning their attention to the fastest growing industry in America: the cannabis industry. ArcView is where the deals that will make future headlines are made," said Troy Dayton, CEO and co-founder of The ArcView Group. 

To learn more about ArcView, see this short video. To get a sense of what to expect at the Forum, see this recent episode about it on Fusion Network. 

Facts: 

Who: The ArcView Investor Network (private group of high net worth investors) 

When: Tuesday, September 29th and Wednesday, September 30th, 9:00 AM - 3:30 PM 

Where: LA Downtown Hotel, 333 S Figueroa Street, Los Angeles, CA 90071 

Must be pre-approved to get a media pass. 

About The ArcView Group 

Founded in 2010, The ArcView Group is responsible for a number of groundbreaking ventures in the cannabis industry. The ArcView Investor Network includes more than 500 accredited investors who have put more than $52 million behind 78 companies. ArcView Market Research produces the State of Legal Marijuana Markets report, which is the most oft-cited market data report. In 2015, ArcView became a partner in Canopy, the first seed-stage mentor-driven business accelerator. ArcView is also co-founder of Cannasure Insurance Services, the leading provider of business insurance to the cannabis industry. Some of the people you can meet: 

Steve DeAngelo, star of Discovery Channel's hit show Weed Wars, author of new book The Cannabis Manifesto, co-founder and President of The ArcView Group, co-founder of the first cannabis testing lab, Steep Hill, executive director of Harborside Health Centers. 

Troy Dayton, Co-founder and CEO of The ArcView Group, board member of the Marijuana Policy Project and the National Cannabis Industry Association. 

Willie Brown, served over 30 years in the California State Assembly before becoming the 41st mayor of San Francisco from 1996-2004, and is currently working on advocating for marijuana regulation in California. 

Christian Groh, COO of Privateer Holdings, former director at Nextel, and former director of sales for Silicon Valley Bank Analytics. Privateer has closed more than $75 million in funding including some from ArcView members and is best known for its investments in Leafly and Marley Natural. 

Patrick Rea, Managing Director of CanopyBoulder, a seed-stage, mentor-driven business accelerator that just graduated its first class. 

Holly Alberti-Evans, CEO of Healthy Headie Lifestyle, a graduate of CanopyBoulder that does in-home demonstrations of vaporizers and other cannabis accessories like Tupperware or Mary Kay. Holly won ArcView's best pitch prize at the last ArcView event and has raised capital from ArcView members. 

Doug Leighton, Co-founder and a principal partner of Dutchess Capital, a Boston-headquartered fund, which has managed an investment portfolio of over $2 billion in transactional value. Dutchess has made numerous high-profile investments in the cannabis space. 

Michael Straimietis, CEO of Advanced Nutrients, a leading worldwide manufacturer of fertilizer for cannabis for many years, and a strategic investor in cannabis-related start-ups. 

Brian McKay, CEO of GreyZone Entertainment, a Canadian game studio building Grow Show: a cannabis growing social game and entertainment brand for cannabis lovers worldwide. Brian has raised money from ArcView members. 

Neeraj Bhardwaj, President of Loto Labs, creators of an induction-powered vaporizer: Evoke. Neeraj has raised money from ArcView members and angel investors from Silicon Valley. 

Emily Paxhia, Managing Director of Poseidon Asset Management, a hedge fund for the cannabis industry. Poseidon has invested in many cannabis-related companies. 

Leslie Bocskor, Managing Partner at Electrum Partners, successive entrepreneur with a dual focus on disruptive businesses and nascent culture, C-level executive and board member for public and private companies, and has advised dozens of early stage businesses 

Amy Poinsett, co-founder and CEO of MJ Freeway Business Solutions, raised money from ArcView member Joby Pritzker of Tao Capital, listed as one of the fastest growing companies from Inc. Magazine, and her business partner Jessica Billingsley was named to the Top 10 Female Entrepreneurs by Fortune Magazine. 

Isaac Dietrich, Co-founder and CEO of MassRoots, prior to co-founding MassRoots he was a finalist for Peter Thiel's 20 Under 20 fellowship. MassRoots raised millions from ArcView members before going public. 

Rob Kampia, Co-founder and Executive Director of Marijuana Policy Project. He is the architect of most of the state-level marijuana laws that have been enacted in the United States since 2000. 

David Lampach, Co-founder of Oakland-based Steep Hill Labs, the first cannabis testing lab company in the industry. 

Frank Marino, CEO of LA based, MJIC Fund, has decades of experience in venture finance, and MJIC has invested in numerous cannabis related companies. 

Ralf-Rainer von Albedyhll, CEO of LA based NextRX, a cannabis consumer member network. 

Event sponsors include: Kernl, Harborside Health Center, Electrum Partners, Poseidon Asset Management, MassRoots, Cannasure Insurance Services, Lexaria Energy, Indoor Harvest Corp, O.penVAPE, Marijuana Policy Project, CanopyBoulder, MJIC Fund, Aquarius Cannabis, California Cannabis Industry Association, Advanced Nutrients, Drug Policy Alliance, Steep Hill Labs, Donahue Fitzgerald, NeWay Capital, The National Marijuana News, NextRx, Poseidon Asset Management 

http://media.globenewswire.com/cache/29674/small/24177.jpg 

http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/ti?nf=MTMjMTAxNTA1NDUjMjk2NzQ=

Mobile dental repair franchise kicks off national charity program to support breast cancer research

DAVIE, Fla. (PRWEB) September 22, 2015 

In observance of Breast Cancer Awareness month, Dental Fix RX, a mobile dental equipment repair company, will be collecting donations throughout the month of October to benefit breast cancer research. The fundraising program encourages franchise owner/operators across North America to give back and support charities by gathering contributions from dental customers and through personal donations. A percentage of the total earned will also be matched by Dental Fix’s corporate office in Florida. 

“Breast cancer has personally affected several of us at Dental Fix, and we’re honored to launch this program to help find a cure,” said David Lopez, CEO of Dental Fix RX. “Our participating owners will continue their work during October, but with pink shirts, branded bracelets, and promotional materials to gather donations and better inform their dental customers just how important breast cancer research is.” 

Donors will be given pink branded bracelets and printed collateral highlighting the importance of their contributions. Dental Fix owners will be able to contribute themselves by purchasing specially branded pink work shirts to wear throughout the month. A percentage of the total contributions will then be matched by Dental Fix corporate, while the highest performing owner will receive special recognition at the company’s 2016 franchise convention. 

“From our corporate offices, to our owners and customers, we are looking forward to this program making a huge impact on breast cancer awareness,” said Lopez. “Given we have more than 200 franchise owners throughout North America and serve approximately 14,000 dental customers, we stand to make a difference on this critical issue.” 

About Dental Fix 

Founded in 2009, Dental Fix RX is North America’s only on-site dental equipment repair franchise. Combining centralized technological and account management services with a unique national network of locally owned and operated industry professionals, the company provides its owners with “state of the art” mobile repair centers to deliver timely and personalized services for all equipment repairs and needs. Franchise opportunities are available nationwide with an exclusive, money-back guarantee for business growth and development. For more information, call 800-586-0340 or visit http://www.dentalfixrx.com.

###

For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2015/09/prweb129719

YourDU.net offers great opportunities to read Junction City and surrounding news online.• Free member status — Sign up for 5 free premium local content stories on a 30-day revolving cycle. We will count them down for you so you know where you are at.• Print subscriber access — As a print subscriber to the Daily Union, you can create an account and receive full access to all content on YourDU.net.• Online only access — For only $5 per month, pay now and receive all the news you need online, including access to the E-edition. 
  
 Alert! The page you have requested requires subscriber access. Also, free members may access this and other protected content up to 5 times per month without paid subscriber access.  Forgot your username or password? 
Click here and we'll email you the information immediately. 
 Print Subscriber? 
Click here to activate your free online  features.  

 Create your free membership account. 
Click here to sign-up to use the tools on our site. Your information will not be shared. 

Become a paid subscriber. 
Click here to sign-up to use the  system. Your information will not be shared.

I hope that The Age and other media will make clear the fact that this radioactive trash returning from UK and France, emanates from radioactive trash that originated at Lucas Heights. Australia is legally obliged to take it back. A completely different proposition from the hare-brained idea of importing foreign nuclear wastes.

Under Commonwealth and State laws, no nuclear waste repository can be set up in Australia, with just this one exception.

The nuclear lobby, and the South Australian government will use this exception to confuse the public - so that this exception could become a foot in the door for the ill advised plan by some greedy Australian individuals, and by the desperate overseas nuclear companies, for South Australia to become the world's nuclear toilet.

Image via bordspil.is 
 
While my gaming tastes typically differ from the SdJ , I tend to keep an ear out for the DSP, the deutscher spielpreis . It tends to be awarded to euros in the medium/heavy range (though there are exceptions), and that’s typically where I find enjoyable titles. And the results are in. This year’s winner is The Voyages of Marco Polo . Others in the top ten include Orleans , Fields of Arle , and Aquasphere – all games I now need to investigate. 
 
Image via fantasyflightgames.com 
 
In a somewhat surprising story, Fantasy Flight Games has announced that it has bought the entire intellectual property of Legend of the Five Rings . It says that L5R will be coming to the LCG format beginning in 2017. It’s unclear what changes, if any, will be coming to the role-playing supplements. This is a tectonic shift in the world of gaming as L5R was the second-oldest continuing CCG. Fantasy Flight certainly has the ability to do right by this property and hopefully both companies, as well as the game itself, will all be better after this deal.

AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - A 19-year-old Texas man who was posing with a gun for a social media selfie photo accidentally shot himself and died from the wounds, Houston police said on Wednesday. 

"A witness told police he was taking a selfie with a gun and the gun accidentally discharged," Houston police spokeswoman Jodi Silva said. 

The identity of the man killed in the Tuesday incident in Houston has been withheld pending an investigation by the coroner. 

He was pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics. He had shot himself in the upper body, police said. 

(Reporting by Jon Herskovitz in Austin, Texas; Editing by Mohammad Zargham)

Easylife Kitchens helps homeowners create dream kitchens – a space within the home which is often described as the “heart.” A perfect meeting point for family time, and the room in which culinary masterpieces are made, beautiful kitchens are built for memories. 
 
Whatever your kitchen means to you, Easylife will help you make the most of it. The company’s our designers are expertly trained to use renowned quality products to create the perfect kitchen for every consumer. As one of South Africa’s leading designers, manufacturers and installers of kitchens, Easylife Kitchens believes in a professional approach to personalised service. 
 
Be inspired by our favourite Modern Country kitchens below: 
 

 COUNTRY TABLEVIEW(0812 1087)K5  DE WATERKANT COUNTRY KITCHEN 1211 K2 116  CLASSICALLY ELEGANT  FAERIEGLEN COUNTRY(0712 236)K1  
Contact: Easylife Kitchens 
     
 Related

Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals and became Real Madrid's all-time top scorer in the Primera Division as he inspired Los Blancos to a thumping 6-0 win at Espanyol. 

The Portugal forward's impressive haul saw him move ahead of Alfredo di Stefano and Raul in one afternoon to amass a total of 229 goals in 203 matches - one ahead of Raul, who needed 550 games to reach his tally. 

Ronaldo, who had failed to score in either of Madrid's opening league games, needed just seven minutes to open his account against Espanyol, having bagged a treble here last season. He promptly scored again from the penalty spot and then completed his hat-trick on 20 minutes with the help of a cross from Gareth Bale. 

Karim Benzema added a fourth before the break, and then in the second half Bale again laid on the pass for Ronaldo to strike for the fourth time and make Real Madrid history. But he was still not done, converting again from inside the area on 80 minutes.

ISLAMABAD: The Presidency clarified on Wednesday that President Mamnoon Hussain had no intention to lead the PML-N campaign for local government elections in Sindh. 

“President Mamnoon Hussain, as a symbol of the federation, is above politics and has no political motives,” the president’s spokesman said, rejecting the PPP’s objection to his participation in a PML-N meeting despite a ban on his taking part in political activities by the court. 

According to a press release issued by the PM Office on Monday, Prime Minister Sharif and President Hussain co-chaired a meeting of the PML-N Sindh office-bearers held at the Prime Minister’s House. 

The party’s Sindh general secretary briefed the president and the prime minister on the district committees set up in all 29 districts of the province to launch mass contact campaigns, it said. 

The PPP, whose Co-Chairman Asif Ali Zardari had been criticised for holding dual offices and convening meetings of the party at the Presidency, said it wondered how President Hussain could chair a political meeting of the ruling party. 

“The PPP is surprised that unlike former president Asif Zardari, the incumbent president is no longer restrained by the court order from participating in partisan political meetings,” PPP’s spokesman Farhatullah Babar said in a statement on Tuesday. 

But the president’s spokesman said: “There is no truth in the reports that the president will lead the PML-N campaign for the local bodies’ elections in Sindh.” 

The spokesman said in statement that in the past President Hussain had for long been active in politics in Sindh and had wide connections with the provincial leadership and workers due to which a large number of political workers remained desirous of meeting him in their individual capacity. 

“Recently, when office-bearers of Sindh PML-N came to Islamabad they expressed their desire to meet the president on a personal and social basis upon which Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif personally requested the president to informally visit the PM House and meet his former colleagues,” the spokesman said. 

“There were no political motives of the president behind that meeting,” he added. 

The Lahore High Court had on May 12, 2011, ruled that (then) President Asif Zardari should relinquish the post of PPP co-chairman and the Presidency should not be used for political activities. 

“The use of Presidency for political activity is inconsistent with its sanctity, dignity, neutrality and independence. Therefore, it is expected that the president of Pakistan would cease the use of the premises of Presidency for political meetings of his party,” the four-judge bench of the LHC had said in its order on a petition filed by senior lawyer A.K. Dogar on behalf of the Pakistan Lawyers Forum challenging the holding of political office by Mr Zardari. 

Published in Dawn, September 24th, 2015 

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn

Las Vegas Cop Shot ‘Ambush-Style’ While Sitting in Patrol Car at Traffic Light; Officer Hit in Hand, in Stable Condition (UPDATED) | TheBlaze.com:
"When the shooting started, the officers figured their patrol car had been rear-ended by another vehicle, McMahill explained. When they knew they were being fired at, he said they exited the cruiser and one officer chased down and arrested the suspect. The man had ditched a Springfield handgun which was later located, McMahill said.
Police officers have been going on patrol in pairs since Friday’s shooting for safety reasons, he said."

NASA mistakes the moon for the sun in a Tweet, prompting a flurry of social media ridicule and eventually, a… NASA mistakes the moon for the sun in a Tweet, prompting a flurry of social media ridicule and eventually, a correction. 

NASA mistakes the moon for the…

Many organizations are seeking to expand their operations overseas as part of their growth strategies. In Bahrain, as well as around the world, globalization has entered a new phase, posing greater challenges for anti-bribery and corruption (ABC) compliance than ever before. Two factors are creating new issues for companies, according to a recent report by KPMG International.

First, a growing number of governments around the world are tightening ABC regulations or introducing new ones as we see in Bahrain. In the light of Kingdom’s expanding corporate culture, the government has introduced Law Number 01/2013 to expand the Amiri Decree Number 15/1976, in order to address bribery and corruption across both the public and private sectors. Second, as companies globalize their operations, they rely more heavily on third parties than before to do business in far-flung parts of the world, often in areas where there is a high risk of corruption. said: “the government has worked hard to enforce strict laws on bribery and corruption. However, as the global report highlights, with GCC based organizations and businesses increasingly investing overseas, reliance on and managing risk with third parties can be a challenge and adequate controls and monitoring must be put in place.” 

The survey, conducted by KPMG International with respondents from around the world, shows that companies are rising to the challenge but that a great deal more needs to be done to create a sturdy ABC compliance structure. For full details, read the report . The main findings of the survey include:

“Despite greater efforts to build ABC frameworks, it’s clear that there are gaping holes in them,” says Petrus Marais, Global Leader of Forensic Services for KPMG. “The problem is particularly acute in the management of third parties who increasingly act as conduits for bribes, making it harder to track. Respondents to the survey admit it’s the biggest challenge in the field of ABC, but they are not doing enough to develop a culture of compliance both among their employees and their vendors and other business associates.” 

About the survey

The survey targeted 659 respondents covering 64 countries, with 140 respondents based in Central & Eastern Europe (including Russia), 113 in Western European countries (excluding the UK), 105 from the Asia – Pacific region, 66 respondents in the U.S., 64 from the South American continent (31 in Mexico), 61 in South Africa and 41 in the UK. Industries were widely represented: banking comprised 20 percent, life sciences 12 percent, manufacturing 10 percent and energy & natural resources 8 percent. The survey was completed in October 2

Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong and his wife Ho Ching leave a polling station after casting their votes in Singapore (Photo: AFP) 
 
Singapore’s ruling People’s Action Party of Premier Lee Hsien Loong is set to return to power with absolute majority in the fiercely contested general election, dashing hopes of an emboldened Opposition seeking to end half a century dominance of one-party. 
 
Three People’s Action Party (PAP) candidates have been declared winners and a sample count of the all votes indicated that seven of the eight Opposition parties are unlikely to win a seat in Parliament, the Channel News Asia reported. 
 
PAP candidates Cheryl Chan, Grace Fu and Lam Pin Min have won their respective seat from Fenghan, Yuhua and Sengkang West constituencies. 
 
“The sample count results have been really encouraging across the island, but we don’t want to take them for granted, just as we should never take our residents for granted,” PAP candidate Tan Chuan-Jin was quoted as saying. 
 
Opposition leaders have acknowledged the sample count results, saying there seems to a bigger swing towards the PAP, which has ruled Singapore for 50 years since independence.More than 2 million Singaporeans voted today in one of the biggest general election contest.

This is a note to let web subscribers know I’ve published a new issue of Three Dot of the newsletter to the mailing list. Topics for this issue include: 
  Here’s what happens when you try to replicate climate contrarian papers  Email Isn’t Dead  Spotify says sorry after privacy policy anger  Quicklinks   
You can read this issue in the archive. To get these issues as soon as they are published, please subscribe to the mailing lists directly. They’re free and you can do that at the Three Dot Lounge site. This notice will be deleted in a few days once my web subscribers have a chance to see it.

Recently,  Corrine Bauer and Pat Melody, members of my Mindfulness Meditation Group,  held a vigil on behalf of Hispanic immigrants locked up in the Ramsey County Adult Detention Center. Thanks to Corrine and Pat for being mindful of the welfare of others. I'm re-posting the text below from Labor Day 2007 as it continues to be relevant in the context of the status of immigrants in this country and around the globe. Too many Americans oppose immigration as they fear competition for jobs from immigrants seeking safe haven within US borders. The success of an initiative by my employer a few years ago should lay those fears to rest. Nevertheless, we continue to harass Hispanic immigrants in the US, while around the globe, Syrian refugees are too often turned away. Picture this: I’m a young WAF assigned to clerical duties in an office on Scott Air Force Base, near East St. Louis, Ill. On this particular morning I overhear an Air Force major and a colonel, both Caucasian, discuss the qualifications of a civil service employee under consideration for promotion; the colonel apparently likes her resume. Then he asks, “Is she Caucasian?”
“Negative,” the major replies.
Here's the deal: I’m a Caucasian who grew up in lily-white, rural northwestern Ohio, and this was the first time I’d seen up close the ugliness of racial discrimination. Stunned, I sat there at my typewriter, trying to focus on my work.
(In the weeks that follow, I notice the employee in question is not promoted.)
On the upside, my stint in the military provided my first opportunity to make friends with members of other races and ethnic backgrounds.
I’ve not forgotten Hispanic Maria Venegas; African-Americans Katie Harmon, Annie Terry, and Adeline Lincoln; Parisian French Caucasian Monique Horlaville; and New Orleans French Caucasian Priscilla Bertrand.
Years passed before I encountered a comparable diversity in civilian life ― diversity fostered intentionally in the regional office of a large corporation located in a thriving upscale suburb.
Admittedly, the company’s motives were more practical than altruistic. At a department meeting, Tony, our African-American assistant manager, asked if any of us knew what was behind the diversity initiative. He rolled his eyes when I suggested that our company supported diversity because it was the right thing to do.
Tony then explained the business case for diversity: “If we want to sell our products to the Hmong community, African-Americans, Hispanics, Gays, women, or other minority group, we’d best include their members in our workforce.”
Altruistic or not, it’s amazing how quickly people can adapt to an inclusive environment when their livelihoods are at stake and before long, the 2000 plus employees in that huge office building formed a genuine community featuring many of the amenities and rituals of a small town.
Sad to say, our community ― by then a model of diversity ― became a casualty of corporate downsizing when, thanks to technology, our work was moved elsewhere. But for quite a few years each of us had good cause for celebrating Labor Day.
Perhaps the time will come when a majority of Americans will have matured sufficiently to create similar communities, whatever their context, purely because it’s the right thing to do.    Posted by VIRGINIA BERGMAN at 6:44 AM No comments: Links to this post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest   Labels: African-American, Air Force, civil rights, community, corporate downsizing, diversity, equal opportunity, Gays, Hispanic, Hmong, inclusive, Labor Day, military, minority groups  

"Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence." Vince Lombardi #BoilerUp http://t.co/MfjF8jAP8x

— Purdue Women's Bball (@PurdueWBB) 2015-16 Roster / 2015-16 Schedule 

WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. - Purdue women’s basketball senior Hayden Hamby heads into her final season with the Old Gold and Black, and was voted a team captain for the 2015-16 campaign. Hamby has appeared in 82 games over the last three seasons, including seven starts, and is a two-time Academic All-Big Ten honoree. 

In addition to her pair of academic all-conference honors, Hamby was named a Big Ten Distinguished Scholar in 2015, awarded to student-athletes with a grade-point average of 3.7 or higher. Hamby averaged 3.2 points and 1.6 rebounds in 15.7 minutes per game last season, but boosted those averages in the Boilermakers’ three-game European tour this summer. She had a breakout performance against German professional squad TK Hannover, posting nine points and eight rebounds, and was Purdue’s second-leading rebounder on the trip. 

Practice begins Oct. 7 for the Boilermakers with the exhibition game set for Nov. 8 against Marian University.

A Target store built on land where the notorious Cabrini-Green housing project once stood is shown on October 10, 2013 in Chicago, Illinois. 
 
Target is in it to win it this holiday season as the retail giant rolled out a brand new price-match policy Wednesday that promises to go as low as the prices at any of its 29 largest competitors – online or in-store. 
 
Beginning Oct. 1, Target customers will be able to match the price of purchases made in-store or on Target.com, and they’ll also have a longer timeframe to do so. 
 
Previously the Minneapolis-based corporation had a limited price-match policy , only allowing shoppers to get the lowest price matched from a small handful of retailers for items bought in-person, forcing customers to go from store to store to find the best deal. They also only had 7 days to do so. 
 
The updated policy doubles that time frame, allowing two full weeks for shoppers to get a price adjustment and allowing customers to search online or from their smartphone to do so. 
 
Target also added 24 additional rival retailers to the expanded policy, including for the first time stores with memberships such as Costco and Sam’s Club. 
 
Below is the complete list of competitors that Target will now match online and in-store prices with: 
 
Amazon.com, Babiesrus.com, BedBathBeyond.com, Bestbuy.com, BN.com, Buybuybaby.com, Costco.com, CVS.com, Diapers.com, DicksSportingGoods.com, Drugstore.com, Gamestop.com, JCPenney.com, Kmart.com, Kohls.com, Macys.com, Newegg.com, Officedepot.com, Petco.com, Petsmart.com, Samsclub.com, Sears.com, SportsAuthority.com, Staples.com, Target.com, Toysrus.com, Ulta.com. Walgreens.com, Walmart.com and Wayfair.com. 
 
Published 3 minutes ago

On Monday’s edition of NewsOne Now, Roland Martin posed a question about the upcoming presidential election and one of the largest movements in recent history: “Should the Black Lives Matter movement invite Republican and Democratic presidential candidates to a debate/forum in an attempt to force them to address issues important to the African-American community?” There would be pros and cons behind holding the forum, NewsOne Now panelist Paris Dennard told Martin: “It would be very telling to those candidates who take this seriously and who may not agree with the slogan or the hashtag, but understand there are pros behind it.” He added, “Those who get it and have staff that say ‘This is something that you should do, if you want to reach and have these inroads and tap into how America feels’ will show up. Those that won’t, they’re not going to be there.” Lauren Victoria Burke, Managing Editor of Politic365.com, said, “I think we know who would not show up.” “Most of the Republicans would not show up.” She continued, “Jeb Bush, maybe Marco Rubio would show up.” Martin then interjected with Bush’s “free stuff” faux pas from last week, to which Burke said, “That is how they market to Black voters — the welfare queen.” Later, Martin suggested the forum would raise the Black Lives Matter movement to a different level. “Because if you go back to 2012, when you have the Tea Party that sponsored debates — Black Lives Matter movement should do it as well,” Martin said. Martin believes a Black Lives Matter-sponsored presidential debate would “force every Democratic candidate to have to show up and speak to our issues.” Watch Roland Martin, GOP strategist Paris Dennard, and Lauren Victoria Burke discuss the notion of the Black Lives Matter Movement hosting/sponsoring a 2016 presidential candidate debate/forum in the video clip above. TV One’s NewsOne Now has moved to 7 A.M. ET, be sure to watch “NewsOne Now” with Roland Martin, in its new time slot on TV One. Subscribe to the “NewsOne Now” Audio Podcast on iTunes. SEE ALSO:  What Is The Ask: Iyanla Vanzant Addresses #BlackLivesMatter Controversy Don’t Miss Our Hottest Stories! Get The NewsOne Flip App for iPhone: Flip, Skip — Or Send Us a Tip! Join the Conversation! Share and Discuss!	Share on Facebook Also On Magic 95.9:
Originally seen on http://newsone.com/

I am looking for an electronic notebook for general engineering notes. It seems that this would be a good candidate application for Django. Does anyone know if such an application has been written using Django or how difficult such an application would be to write?
Thanks.
Aref
-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Django users" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to django-users+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to django-users@googlegroups.com.
Visit this group at http://groups.google.com/group/django-users.
To view this discussion on the web visit https://groups.google.com/d/msgid/django-users/d03c9580-ed3f-4ddb-a396-ddcb520c93e7%40googlegroups.com.
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.

Expected change in U.S. healthcare industry will have a positive rub off on Indian outsourcing sector s the United States gears up to implement the ICD-10 (International Classification of Diseases) coding system from October 1, Omega Healthcare,  an offshore provider of medical revenue cycle services, said this would open up large scale employment opportunities for medical coders, especially in India. “ObamaCare and ICD-10 implementation open up vast opportunities for us as the demand for certified medical coders will go up sharply,” said Gopi Natarajan, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder, Omega Healthcare. “The market is hot. Both ObamaCare and migration to the ICD-10 new coding system provides an opportunity which is equal to the Y2K shift, a decade and half ago,” Mr. Natarajan said. Complying with the new regulation, for accurate identification of diseases and reimbursement of health insurance claims to healthcare service providers, will be difficult as the number of codes will go up from 16,000 as per ICD-9 to 1,25,000 codes in ICD-10. As per World Health Organisation, each disease has been assigned with a code based on which service providers get paid. This would require high level of specificity to identify the actual disease or ailment suffered or treated. It calls for very detailed documentation to establish the code and only experienced coders - life science graduates with the adequate training - can help in assigning the code leading to accurate billing. It is believed that the implementation of ICD-10 will change the healthcare industry in United States and the outsourcing industry across the globe and the transition will create huge demand for certified medical coders across the globe, especially in the U.S., Middle East and in India. “We are fully prepared for the change. We already have 2,500 coders from our 9,000 employee base and we will be hiring more people in the coming months,” Mr. Natarajan said. “Ninety seven per cent of our 2,500 coders have been retrained for the transaction. They have undergone 40 hours of training. We project a huge demand for trained coders in the coming months,” he said. Omega Healthcare is on an expansion mode and plans to hire more than 1,000 people by January. While 300 people will be added at its facility at Chennai, 450 people will be hired at Tiruchi and 250 people at Bengaluru. Last year, the company opened a facility at Manila in Philippines where it has employed 400 people and this facility has capacity to accommodate 650 personnel, mainly nurses who take patients’ calls. In three years Omega Healthcare plans to have 13,000 people as the market has potential for growth.     Mr. Natarajan said the company would invest $8 million to $10 million a year from internal accruals to expand capacity to cater to the growing demand for outsourced medical services from the U.S. Medical coding and billing is considered very crucial in the healthcare industry but the Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) industry which provides these services is facing deficit of talent in the sector.

Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) Rating Kept  
The company have set target of $134 on Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) shares. This is 39.51% from the last close price. In a report revealed to investors on 10 September, WallachBeth kept their “Buy” rating on shares of CLVS. 
NASDAQ:CLVS is right now trading 13.83% higher at $96.05 as of 08:03 New York time. Clovis Oncology’s stock is up 89.11% in the last 200 days. It has outperformed the Standard & Poor’s 500 index, which has dropped -5.39% in the same time. 
 
Out of 5  analysts covering Clovis Oncology, 6 rate it a Buy, 1 indicate a Hold while 0 suggest a Sell. The highest target is $125 and the lowest is $92 according to Thomson/First Call. The 12-month mean target is $109, which means upside potential of 13.48% over the current price. 
 NASDAQ:CLVS Price Chart & Trend  
The stock price of Clovis Oncology increased 89.11% over the last 200 days, and is in very strong up trend. In the last 50 and 100 days, Clovis Oncology is up 14.6% and up 11.49%, respectively. Our stocks momentum model is shown on the price chart below.  
Source: RightEdge Systems , Yahoo Split & Dividend Adjusted Data and OctaFinance Trading Models 
 Institutional Ownership  
Palo Alto Investors Llc had the largest stake with ownership of 2.40 million shares as of q2 2015 for 9.38% of the US long equity exposure. Partner Fund Management L.P. is another very bullish institutional investor who is owning 2.71 million shares of Clovis Oncology or 6.04% of their US long equity exposure. Furthermore, Partner Investment Management L.P. have 5.8% of their US long equity exposure invested in the company for 46,974 shares. The California-based fund Redmile Group Llc revealed it had bought so far a stake worth about 5.47% of the institutional investor’s stock portfolio in Clovis Oncology. The Delaware-based fund Clifton Park Capital Management Llc is also positive about the stock, possessing 759,479 shares or 5.29% of their US long equity exposure. 
 Insider Activity  
Over the last 6 months, Clovis Oncology NASDAQ:CLVS has seen 0 insider buys, and 7 insider sales. The net result was for 7 transactions, worth $1.81M. 
 Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) Profile  
Clovis Oncology, Inc. (Clovis) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing anti-cancer agents in the United States, Europe and additional international markets. The Company is developing three product candidates: Rociletinib, Rucaparib and Lucitanib. Rociletinib, an oral epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), is a mutant-selective covalent inhibitor that is in advanced clinical development for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer. 
Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) traded up 13.83% on 10 September, hitting $96.05. A total of shares of the company’s stock traded hands. This is down from average of 589,642 shares. Clovis Oncology has a 52 week low of $39.45 and a 52 week high of $102.28. The company has a market cap of $3.21 billion and a P/E ratio of 0. 
 
Get the latest Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) Stock Ratings at Octafinance. Completely free access to our Analyst Ratings Database for 6000+ stocks. 
 
The post appeared first on Octafinance .

/PRNewswire/ --

Atlas Venture leads Series A, joining existing seed investors Omega Funds and Forbion Capital Partners Replimune Ltd (Replimune) today announced the closing of a $30 million Series A financing led by Atlas Venture (Atlas). Atlas joins previous seed investors Forbion Capital Partners (Forbion) and Omega Funds (Omega) as investors in this funding round.

Replimune, headquartered in Oxford UK and with a significant presence in Cambridge, MA, was founded in April 2015 to develop the next generation of 'oncolytic immunotherapies' for the treatment of cancer.

Jason Rhodes, Partner at Atlas, will join the board of Replimune together with Otello Stampacchia and Sander Slootweg of Omega and Forbion, respectively.

Oncolytic immunotherapy is an emerging class of cancer therapeutics which exploit the ability of viruses to selectively replicate in and kill tumor tissue, while at the same time inducing a potent, patient-specific, anti-tumor immune response. Oncolytic viruses have the unique ability to generate an autologous immune response to the patient's particular complement of tumor antigens, including neoantigens, with a truly off-the-shelf approach. While clear single agent clinical activity has been achieved with oncolytic immunotherapy, it is anticipated that particular synergy may be observed in combination with immune checkpoint blockade and other immune-modulatory approaches. Immune checkpoint blockade relies on a pre-existing inflamed tumor microenvironment and a pre-existing immune response to tumor neoantigens for clinical activity, which are only present in some patients. Oncolytic immunotherapy can provide both of these and therefore combination of these two proven modalities is particularly logical and attractive.

Replimune is developing novel, proprietary oncolytic immunotherapies intended to improve both the direct anti-tumor effects of selective virus replication and the potency of the immune response to the tumor antigens released. Replimune intends to progress these rapidly through clinical trials and to combine these with checkpoint blockade at an early stage of clinical development.

"We are at the beginning of the age of immune-oncology and believe that oncolytic viruses will be a powerful component of this emerging therapeutic approach," said Jason Rhodes, Partner at Atlas, "Atlas is very pleased to be working with the exceptional and experienced team at Replimune."

Robert Coffin, Replimune CEO (and previously Founder and CSO of BioVex Inc) said "Replimune is excited to be at the forefront of oncolytic immunotherapy, and to partner with leading healthcare investors such as Atlas, Forbion and Omega in this funding round. The funds raised will allow us to progress our next generation approach through to clinical data in multiple cancer indications, including in combination with checkpoint blockade."

In addition to stand-alone product development, Replimune will pursue a partnering strategy with companies with promising approved or experimental checkpoint blockade or other complementary immuno-oncology drugs.

For further information contact:

Replimune Ltd

info@replimune.com

Atlas Venture

Kristen Margeson

+1-857-201-2700

lifesciences@atlasventure.com

400 Technology Square, 10th Floor

Cambridge, MA 02139

Forbion Capital Partners

Sander Slootweg

Managing Partner

+31(0)35-699-3015

Sander.Slootweg@forbion.com

Omega Funds

info@omegafunds.net

Suite 502

185 Dartmouth St

Boston MA

http://www.omegafunds.net

SOURCE Replimune

, EDT. An elderly man enters an election booth to cast his vote at a polling station in Idomeni village, northern Greece, Sunday, Sept. 20, 2015. The small village of 100 registered voters is the last stop in Greece for thousands migrants and refugees arriving from Turkey who attempt to cross and head north toward more prosperous parts of the European Union. Greeks were voting Sunday in their third national poll this year, called on to choose who they trust to steer the country into its new international bailout. (AP Photo/Giannis Papanikos)" 
  
ATHENS, Greece - Alexis Tsipras, head of the left-wing Syriza party who won Greece's parliamentary election for the second time this year on Sunday, says he will form a coalition government with the small right-wing Independent Greeks. 

Speaking before thousands of jubilant supporters in central Athens, Tsipras said he was joining forces once again with Panos Kammenos, the junior coalition partner with whom he governed from January until last month. 

Kammenos joined him on stage to rapturous applause from the crowd. 

With 61 per cent of the vote counted, Syriza had 35.5 per cent of the vote and 145 seats in the 300-member parliament, while the Independent Greeks were in seventh place with 3.6 per cent and 10 seats. 

The conservative New Democracy was in second place with 28.2 per cent. 

The result was a resounding success for Tsipras' high-risk gamble when he resigned last month and triggered early elections, barely seven months into his four-year term, in order to face down a rebellion within Syriza over his policy U-turn to accept painful austerity measures in return for Greece's third international bailout. 
 
Content Provided By Canadian Press.

Nouran Abdellatif 
 
leducrep.newstwo@sunmedia.ca 
 
A piece of African culture will be showcased at the Zion Evangelical Missionary Church in New Sarepta next month. 
 
The African Children's Choir, composed of 18 kids between the ages of eight to 11, will perform a collection of African and traditional songs, says choir chaperone Emily Gronow, a volunteer from Cardiff, Wales. 
 
“It will be jam packed with lots of singing and dancing. There will be African songs and more traditional songs that will be familiar to the audience like Amazing Grace, He’s Got the Whole World in His Hands, This Little Light of Mine. They do a lot of drumming and [wear] beautiful costumes as well,” she said, adding audiences are impressed by what they see.  
 
“A lot of the time people come up so positive about the program, all of the children’s energy levels and the dancing. We’ve been really overwhelmed with the concerts in Canada. Everybody seems so positive and supportive.” 
 
The choir doesn’t sell tickets to its concerts but rather accepts donations.  
 
The proceeds go towards every choir child’s education and the Music For Life program which helps improve lives and offers education for children in Uganda, Rwanda, Kenya, South Sudan, South Africa, Nigeria and Ghana.  
 
Every year the organizers choose a different group of kids to tour from February until the end of the calendar year. The children then return to complete their education. 
 
The choir started their Canadian leg of the tour at the end of May and will wrap up in November. 
 
The African Children’s Choir was founded in 1984 by Irish ordained minister Ray Barnett as a way to lift children and their families out of poverty.

The Canberra Capitals are poised to re-sign reigning WNBL player of the year Abby Bishop in a massive boost to the club's hopes of ending a four-year finals drought. The Canberra Capitals are poised to re-sign reigning WNBL player of the year Abby Bishop in a massive boost to the club's hopes of ending a four-year finals drought. Bishop has been granted a release from her contract with Hungarian club UNIQA Sopron, and the Capitals are deep in discussions with their incumbent captain.

The 26-year-old picked up a minor hamstring injury playing for Seattle Storm and was due to head to Hungary next week, but Bishop and Sopron have come to a mutual agreement.

It is understood the Capitals hope to make an official announcement as early as this week.

Bishop dominated the WNBL last year, averaging 23 points and 10.6 rebounds, and was a clear winner of the player of the year.

The Capitals are very confident Bishop's injury isn't a risk and she will get through the full season.

Just a few weeks ago the Capitals' roster was severely depleted, but they now look very much a finals contender after recruiting shrewdly since.

Bishop's recruitment helps ease the Capitals' concerns in the post, as they had been struggling to find a quality replacement after Belgian centre Ann Wauters withdrew late due to family reasons.

Star centre Lauren Jackson, herself returning from knee surgery, is the only specialist post player Canberra currently has on its books.

But if both stay fit, Jackson and Bishop will from arguably the most imposing front court partnership in the WNBL.

Jackson's rehabilitation is progressing well and she plans to be back on court early in the season.

Opals point guard Kathleen MacLeod also pulled out after falling pregnant, but the Capitals compensated by signing former WNBA All-Star Renee Montgomery last week.

Montgomery's Minnesota Lynx has qualified for the WNBA Finals after disposing of Phoenix in the western conference finals.

It means Montgomery will miss at least the season-opener against Dandenong at AIS Arena on October 10, and the week two games at Sydney and Townsville should the WNBA Finals go the full five games.

A lack of personnel, particularly in the front court, has forced the Capitals to cancel its pre-season game in Sydney on Saturday.

With Jackson, Bishop and Montgomery still absent, just seven contracted players suited up in three games against South-East Queensland last weekend.

Hanna Zavecz injured her ribs at training last week and Opals youngster Steph Talbot hit her head on the court against the Stars.

The Capitals aren't willing to risk the pair this week before the start of the WNBL season, but both will be fit to play.

Meanwhile, the Capitals are yet to finalise a deal which would see the majority of their home games shifted from AIS Arena to the Royal Theatre.

However, it is understood the club is confident an agreement will be reached before season tip-off.

It is hoped the move into the city to a smaller venue will ensure bigger crowds and a better atmosphere as the Capitals shoot for a first finals appearance since 2010-11. The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

SNELLVILLE, Ga., Sept. 30, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --  Gander Mountain , the nation's largest and fastest-growing outdoor specialty retailer is celebrating its new store in Snellville with a Grand Opening ceremony, including celebrity appearances, family activities and giveaways. 
 
"We are excited to open our new Gander Mountain location and provide Snellville outdoors enthusiasts with the gear they need," said Eldrich Granger, general manager of the Snellville Gander Mountain store. 
 
The 52,000-square-foot store is located at 1200 Scenic Hwy, Ste G, Lawrenceville, Ga. 30045. The first 1,000 customers through the door each day of the Grand Opening weekend (Thursday, Oct. 1-Sunday, Oct. 4), will receive a free scratch-off card for prizes and gift cards. 
 
Events and appearances include: 
 
Thursday, Oct. 1--Sunday, Oct. 4 
 Live performance by country music star Crystal Hopkins at 9 a.m; meet-and-greet from 11 a.m.-noon (Thurs.)  Gwinnett County Board of Commissioners Chairman Charlotte Nash Official Ribbon Cutting Ceremony at 9:40 a.m.; doors open at 10 a.m. (Thurs.)  Atlanta Falcons' Jake Matthews autograph signing from 6 p.m.-7:30 p.m. (Fri.)  Troy Landry, Star of History's Swamp People , autograph signing from noon – 3 p.m. (Sat./Sun.)  Travis "T-Bone" Turner, Host of Michael Waddell's Bone Collector on the Outdoor Channel, autograph signing 3 p.m.-7 p.m. (Fri.) and 10 a.m.-2 p.m. (Sat.)  Elite Bassmaster Angler and Gander Mountain Pro-Staffer Dean Rojas product demos and customer interaction 3 p.m.-7 p.m (Thurs./Fri.)  Former Atlanta Braves player and Hardcore Hunting co-host Ryan Klesko autograph signing 11 a.m.-1 p.m. (Sat.)  
A full schedule of events and appearances is available at GanderMountain.com . 
 
About Gander Mountain Company 
 
Gander Mountain Company headquartered in St. Paul, Minn., is the nation's largest and fastest-growing retail network of outdoor specialty stores for hunting, fishing, camping, marine and outdoor lifestyle products and services. Since 1960, Gander Mountain has offered the best selection of outdoor equipment, technical apparel, active casual wear, and footwear featuring national, regional and specialty brands at competitive prices. Focused on a "We Live Outdoors®" culture, Gander Mountain dedicates itself to creating outdoor memories.  Gander Mountain has 160 conveniently located outdoor lifestyle stores in 27 states. For the nearest store location call 800-282-5993 or visit www.GanderMountain.com  Gander Mountain is also the parent company of Overton's ( www.overtons.com ), a leading catalog and Internet based retailer of products for boating and other water sports enthusiasts. 
 
CONTACT: Myreete Wolford, 1-312-228-6815, myreete.wolford@ketchum.com 
 
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150925/270740LOGO  
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gander-mountain-celebrates-grand-opening-in-snellville-300151732.html 
 
SOURCE  Gander Mountain 
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gander-mountain-celebrates-grand-opening-in-snellville-300151732.html

Derby County have announced ex-European Golden Boot winner and former Leicester City coach Kevin Phillips as their new assistant coach, the club’s official website has confirmed .  
The 42-year-old made 660 professional appearances during his playing career, scoring 282 goals and assisting a further 31. Phillips also made eight appearances for England but failed to find the net. 
 
After finishing his career helping Leicester City secure promotion to the Premier League, Phillips became a first-team coach at Leicester and helped the club to keep their status in the league last season. 
 
The ex-forward becomes Clement’s third coaching staff appointment since taking over as Derby boss in the summer. John Peacock joined the club at the start of pre-season training and Pascal Zuberbuhler arrived as goalkeeping coach. 
 
Speaking about the appointment with Derby’s official club website , manager Paul Clement discussed the move by saying “I’m delighted that Kevin Phillips is joining my coaching staff; he will complement the excellent individuals and skills that we have on the coaching team already. 
 
“Kevin enjoyed an illustrious playing career. He was successful at a number of clubs, experienced being promoted to the Premier League on several occasions and his goalscoring record certainly demonstrates what an excellent striker he was. 
 
“He is now embracing a new pathway in his career and has successfully made the transition from player to coach in the last year at Leicester City. 
 
“I believe Kevin has a lot to offer with his skills and expertise and I would like to thank Leicester City for their co-operation in allowing Kevin to join us.” 
 
Phillips will assist his team in training and will take his place on the Derby bench for their game against Burnley on Monday evening. 
 
The post Derby announce ex-European Golden Boot winner as assistant coach appeared first on The72 .

Algeria's foreign-exchange reserves have continued their downward trend to stand at USD159.027 billion by late June 2015, against USD178.938 billion in late December 2014, the governor of the Bank of Algeria, Mohamed Laksaci, disclosed on Tuesday. Algeria's foreign-exchange reserves have continued their downward trend to stand at USD159.027 billion by late June 2015, against USD178.938 billion in late December 2014, the governor of the Bank of Algeria, Mohamed Laksaci, disclosed on Tuesday. By the end of June 2014, the foreign-exchange reserves reached USD193.269 billion, which shows a sharp decline in the reserves between June 2014 and June 2015, down by USD 34.242 billion, Laksaci said.The drop has been the result of the "impact of the external crisis on Algeria's foreign balance of payments since Q4 2014," Laksaci explained in a report he presented on Algeria's financial and monetary trends in the first term 2015.The foreign-exchange reserves, however, "remain sufficient to face the external crisis with the low foreign debt, which stood at USD3.353 billion in June 2

SHAH ALAM, 30 Sept: The Malaysian Green Technology Corporation (GreenTech Malaysia) is offering to set up free EV Charge stations to the Subang Jaya Municipal Council (MPSJ). 
 
The MPSJ Yang DiPertua, Datuk Nor Hisham Ahmad Dahlan, said that MPSJ is providing open spaces for EV Charge stations and the use of electricity. 
 

 
“It is an effort to encourage more people to use electric vehicles (EV) by 2020. 
 
“Among that offered is the EV Charging unit, installation and wiring until 10 metres from the distribution box, floor art and the EV Charge signage, technical maintenance and advisory services,” he said. 
 
In addition, Nor Hisham said that after discussions with the Department of Engineering, several locations have been identified for the installation of EV Charge stations. 
 
“The first location is located at the visitors parking and the second location is at the MPSJ 3C Complex. 
 
“MPSJ will also ensure the safety and cleanliness of the EV Charge stations are in good condition for the comfort of the public,” he said. 
 
In addition, MPSJ supports the marketing of electric vehicles, that is growing, to be benefited by the people to improve the air quality. 
 
Image: Utusan Online 
 
NS

After Snake wakes up from his coma in Metal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Pain , you're bombarded with options and settings. One of those options is choosing Big Boss' birthday. Whatever you set as that date, MGS5 has something special for you. 
 
Whether you're new to the series or just getting your feet wet in Diamond Dogs , it's important to learn there's always something new to discover. Sliding down hills with the cardboard box or turning into the Six Million Dollar Man with a bionic punch, MGS5 is full of weirdness. That includes this awesome little birthday Easter egg. 
 
Delve deeper into the wide world of Metal Gear secrets. Learn how to get Hideo Kojima in MGS5: Phantom Pain and put him to work in Mother Base while he's in between jobs. 
  
[b]Warning! Minor Spoilers Ahead![b] 
  
As The Phantom Pain begins, a doctor lays out your grim situation, and establishes that we're playing an eccentric game with a few simple questions. 
 
You'll input a name and a birthday, along with customizing your own avatar's face. What's important here is that birthday -- whatever date you set, something special occurs if boot up then. 
 
Miller, Ocelot, and several other important characters make an appearance after calling Snake back to Mother Base. They say it's under attack, but in reality it's a surprise party for everyone's favorite legendary soldier. 
 
If you've advanced far enough in the story, Emmerich, Quiet and Code Talker all appear alongside Miller and Ocelot. They sing their own version of a Birthday song, and wheel out a cake so Snake can blow out the candles. 
 
Ocelot even gives Big Boss a real cigar for old time's sake. Check out the full scene for yourself by changing the date on your PS4/PS3/PC/Xbox One/Xbox 360. 
 
Source: [ 1 ]

CVS said Friday investigators have confirmed that the company that manages their photo website was indeed hacked this summer, possibly resulting in the theft of some CVS customer information. 
 
The photo website of the nation's second-largest drugstore chain has been shut down since July after the breach was detected. The photo sites of Rite Aid, Costco and Wal-Mart Canada also were affected in the breach. CVS Health Corp. said it started contacting potentially-affected customers on Friday. A spokesman for the Woonsocket, Rhode Island-based company wouldn't say how many customers were being notified, or comment beyond the note to consumers posted on CVS' photo website . 
 
The company's main CVS.com website, the computer system used by its pharmacies, its optical website and its MinuteClinic online bill pay site, all were not affected by the breach. Sales made in CVS stores also were not affected. 
 
 Related: Costco, Other Retailers Take Photo Centers Offline After Possible Breach  
 
The Rite Aid and Wal-Mart Canada sites also remained down Friday afternoon, while the Costco site has restarted limited operations. 
 
Staples Inc., the parent company of Canada-based PNI Digital Media, which manages all of the sites, says that based on its investigation so far, it appears that the hackers breached PNI's computer systems and used malware to capture user information on the company's servers. But it says that there's no sign that hackers accessed user photos or pin numbers. 
 
"The company is working with outside security experts to determine the nature and scope of the incident, including what user data was impacted and the time period involved," Staples' statement read.

Volleyball Notebook 

Another tourney title for Trojans: Class 6A No. 2 Jenks extended its winning streak to 16 matches with a 3-1 (22-25, 25-10, 25-20, 25-22) victory over third-ranked Edmond Santa Fe in the finals of the Jenks Invitational on Saturday. 

The Trojans (22-2) beat Norman North, Chisholm and NOAH in pool play before advancing and beating Cascia Hall in the semifinals. 

It’s Jenks’ second straight tournament title, after claiming the Bishop Kelley tournament crown on Sept. 12. 

“Having two tournament wins feels great, not because of the wins so much as the girls reaching two of their four goals they set early on in the season when we were at team camp,” Jenks coach Tanna Smith said. “I know my girls are excited as they hit milestone after milestone down their road to the state tournament.” 
 
Jenks’ win over Edmond Santa Fe atoned for the Trojans’ 3-0 loss to the Wolves on Aug. 21. The two 6A powers will meet again Thursday at Frank Herald Fieldhouse. 

The Trojans’ Anabella Pope was named the tournament’s most valuable player, and Jenks’ Maggie Hembree and Ally Stoner joined her on the all-tournament team. Cascia Hall’s Amanda Outlaw, Broken Arrow’s Makina Wratten, NOAH’s Malia Leatherland and Claremore Sequoyah’s Karlye Wagner also picked up all-tournament accolades. 

Silver for Lincoln Christian: Mount Saint Mary, ranked third in Class 4A, knocked off 4A’s top team, Lincoln Christian, 3-1 (25-21, 23-25, 25-19, 25-18) in the finals of the LCS Invitational on Saturday. The Bulldogs had gone 4-0 in tournament play before settling for second place. 

“We really played well this weekend, I thought,” said Lincoln Christian coach Zac Briscoe, whose team had beaten Mount Saint Mary 3-1 on Aug. 31. “We just didn’t play our best in the final, and Mount Saint Mary probably had a lot to do with that.” 

Lincoln Christian is now 19-3 and will find out its regional tournament assignment Thursday. 

“We’ve played great all season, and we are off to our best start in school history,” Briscoe said. “But we need to retool some things and get better in the next few weeks to be ready for state.” 

Mustangs charging hard: Okay missed out on last year’s Class 3A state tournament, and that didn’t sit well with the Mustangs, coach Belinda Clark said. 

“Losing at regionals last year by just three points served as a motivator for these girls,” she said. 

The 3A No. 2 Mustangs have turned that inspiration into a 21-6 record with the playoffs fast approaching. Clark also alluded to another reason for success. 

“Having a court full of good hitters has also helped us,” she said. “We are not dependent on one or two. We can hit from anywhere.” 

Asked to point to a couple of key contributors, Clark couldn’t help but name nearly everyone on her team — hitters/blockers Karleigh McMahan, Kirstyn Anderson, Summer Milligan and Blake Judkins, setter Jade Hopkins, libero Macy Haley and junior varsity call-up, Emily Taylor. 

“To ask who is leading the way, I would have to say they all are,” Clark said. 

We wouldn’t be where we are today without all of them together. They are all key players in our game.” 

— BEN JOHNSON, World Correspondent

Alex M.O.R.P.H. & HeatBeat presents Amistad on Vandit Records 
 
It had to happen one day… and now it has! That unstoppable force of production nature, Alex M.O.R.P.H. has gotten studio-side with Argentinian floor-centurions Heatbeat… The result: ‘Amistad’ – a track every bit as dramatically compelling, gripping and uplifting and as its cinematic namesake! 
 
‘Amistad’ is the next single to be lifted from now arguably the most hotly anticipated trance album of 2015. Chasing up hard on the heels of the Beatport chart-rocket ‘4ever’, for M.O.R.P.H.ers and M.O.R.P.H.ettes, its another massive appetite whetter for Alex’s third long-player! 
 
Hardcoded into ‘Amistad’s CPU, you’ll find Battle Royale drums, thermite bass and charged & charging percussion! Break-side, ‘Amistad’ flutters the synths, rolls up the grandest of grand pianos and, with drifting chords & pads, gooses more than its share of bumps. Suffice to say, wherever it is you’re looking to go, ‘Amistad’s going to take you there! 
 
Already confirmed to the tracklisting of Armin van Buuren’s forthcoming ‘A State Of Trance at Ushuaïa 2015’ compilation, this is express elevation for trance floors right around the globe. 
 
Better yet, it’s out today! 
 
Buy it on Beatport 
 
Tracklist: 
 
Alex M.O.R.P.H. & Heatbeat – Amistad (Original Mix) 
 

 
Links: 
 
Alex M.O.R.P.H. official website 
 HeatBeat official website 
 Vandit Records official website 
 Related Images: [ See image gallery at www.trancesound.net ]

By Sept. 20, 2015, 12:39 p.m. exit 
Police believe eight wombats found dead in a national park camping ground were deliberately run over. 

The bodies were found at the Bendeela camping ground in Kangaroo Valley, southern NSW, about 8.30am on Saturday. 

Witnesses told officers from the Shoalhaven Local Area Command they saw a white four-wheel-drive in the area throughout the night. 

Inspector Sue Charman-Horton said animal cruelty was unacceptable. 

"The wildlife we have in our area is absolutely beautiful and one of the pleasures of living in a regional area," she said. 

A Kangaroo Valley tourism website recommends the campsite as a place to see wombats, which can weigh up to 36 kilograms and live in complex tunnel systems. 

"Please drive slowly at dusk and dark to avoid killing these beautiful animals," the website warns. 

Police are calling for more witnesses to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or use the online reporting page: https://nsw.crimestoppers.com.au/ . 
*/
]]> 
The story Eight wombats deliberately killed in national park: police first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald .

LONDON: England have called up spin-bowling all-rounder Samit Patel in place of the injured Zafar Ansari for the test series against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) said on Wednesday. 

The uncapped Ansari dislocated his thumb playing for Surrey in a County Championship match last week on the day he was named in the squad for the first time. 
  England's Samit Patel throws at the stumps during the Twenty20 World Cup Super 8 cricket match against the West Indies at Pallekele, Sri Lanka September 27, 2012. REUTERS/Philip Brown   
Patel, 30, has played five tests, the last one against India in 2012. 

England play three test matches against Pakistan, the first starting in Abu Dhabi on Oct. 13. 

(Reporting by Ed Osmond; editing by Clare Fallon) 

- Reuters

Universal Cables announced the Rights Issue Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 14 September 2015 has approved the following in relation to proposed rights issue - 
Issue opening date - 24 September 2015 

Last date for receipt of request for split application forms - 07 October 2015 

Issue closing date - 14 October 2015 

Powered by Capital Market - Live News

GLADSTONE'S Northern Oil Refinery is looking at expanding by taking on two apprentices and a lab technician. 

The refinery at Yarwun is the only facility in Queensland that recycles waste lube oil back into base lube oil. 

Northern Oil Refineries general manager Andrew Smith, who has been on the job for six months, said the refinery was already looking to take on two apprentices and a lab technician. 

"We have the capacity to do 100 million litres per annum but we are currently doing 50," he said. 

"If more businesses gave us their used oil we could employ more people. We've only developed half of the site as well." 

Queensland shadow minister for environment Stephen Bennett visited the oil refinery yesterday. 

"They have taken on an exciting challenge and the innovation here has made them world leaders," Mr Bennett said. 

"It's a great example of things to come in the waste management field. 

"It's the most environmentally responsible treatment of waste lube oil, where every component of the waste lube oil is reused and 99% of the lube oil is recovered as high quality lube oil for use. 

"We need more companies to have vision and continue to invest and properly deal with their waste." 

JJ Richards and Sons is responsible for transporting used oil to the site. 

Gladstone branch manager Lockie McGaw said oil came from all over Queensland. 

"We can transport around 47,000L of oil. It's not a big part of our region because we're diversified here in Gladstone," he said. 

JJ Richards and Sons business development manager Richard Taylor said most oil in the region came from mines and industries. 

"It's great to be able to have a circular economy where we can get something that is used and refine it back to quality lube oil to put back into the system," he said. 

TOP GLADSTONE NEWS Get your local news, your way.

Update your news preferences and get the latest news delivered to your inbox.

Dame Joan Collins said she used to "nag" her sister Jackie about getting mammograms but she "refused". 
 
		 
Jackie, who sold more than 500 million novels in more than 40 countries in her  four decades-long career as a writer in raunchy female fiction, died of breast  cancer last Saturday aged 77. 
  Joan and Jackie Collins during the filming of the 2013 New Year's Eve Graham Norton Show   
Dame Joan said she and her sister were "thick as thieves" but admitted they did have "estrangements" in the past. 

			 
Despite being diagnosed six-and-a-half years ago, British author Jackie, who lived  in Beverley Hills, told few people about her illness, saying she did not want to  ''burden'' others with it. 



 
In an online post called A Tribute To My Beloved Sister, Dame Joan wrote: "I used to nag my sister about getting mammograms, as our darling mother Elsa had succumbed to the disease in 1962 when she was only in her early fifties. 

"I was religious about doing mammograms regularly. Jackie however refused - she didn't even like going to doctors. Like my brother and I she was needle-phobic." 

Dame Joan, who said she and Jackie were " thick as thieves", also revealed the moment Jackie rang her to say she had stage four breast cancer. 

She only found out about her sister's illness in the fortnight before her death. 

			 
She said Jackie told her that she did not want to upset her, adding that she said: " I know all the problems you've been having in the past few years - I didn't want to burden you with mine." 

Dame Joan wrote: "My voice was so choked with tears I could hardly speak." 

The pair, who had been rumoured at times to have a difficult relationship, were pictured together in London just a few days before the death when Jackie was on a promotional tour for her new novel The Santangelos. 

In her tribute, Dame Joan wrote: "Jackie really enjoyed her life so much and lived it to the hilt, and when we were together, even if we hadn't seen each other for a few months, we were thick as thieves." 

			 
Dame Joan said Jackie "hated" her fourth husband Peter Holm, adding: "She begged me not to marry him but unfortunately I went ahead - one of the worst decisions of my life. Jackie and I didn't see each other so much during that period." 

She went on: "Unfortunately, a couple of years later another relationship I had came between us and, having moved back to Europe, we couldn't be as close as we wanted to be. 

"Sisters will have their estrangements but happily when that relationship ended and I moved back to LA Jackie and I resumed our devotion to each other." 

She added: "I've never had a better girlfriend than Jackie, with whom I shared so much in common and could enjoy talking and gossiping away about everything when we were together, going to our favourite restaurants or to the movies or on long distance phone calls." 

In her concluding few lines, Dame Joan said: "I don't think I will ever recover from the sadness of losing my beautiful baby sister." 

			 
She added: "She will live on in the wonderful memories I have of her from our childhood and particularly from the last fifteen years, during which we were closer than ever. I feel her spirit, I hear her wonderful laugh and I see her all the time in the hundreds of photos of her that are sprinkled around my home. 

"She wasn't just a star - to me she was an entire galaxy." 

Dame Joan has requested that people who read her online tribute make donations to Penny Brohn Cancer Care in the UK and the Susan G. Komen breast cancer organisation in the USA. 


         Copyright (c) Press Association Ltd. 2015, All Rights Reserved.

How To Employ Effective SEO Practices	Categories: All   •    by Myra LoveHow To Employ Effective SEO Practices With the massive amount of online competition, every site needs to rely on SEO techniques to bring in a workable amount of traffic. Search engines provide consumers with a means to shop for just about anything, read up on new companies and perform research. Use the helpful information in this article to get more traffic directed to your site and improve your bottom line. When you develop SEO pages, it pays to have lots of shorter pieces on related topics instead of a single long one. Long pages get less weight than short ones. Also, the majority of visitors will not spend the time necessary to read something that is extremely long. Mostly, your site is supposed to entertain visitors and keep them clicking about. A large part of using SEO is bringing people to your website repeatedly and keeping them there. SEO is also what will help your search engine rankings. As you build your site, avoid thinking that lots of advertising is how to boost your rankings. Sure, advertising can mean more visitors, but that doesn’t immediately equate to better page ranking. Be sure to use header tags. Sometimes these headers can be too big, but you can use CSS to change the size. Search engines love headers and use them as a means to rank a website. The tags H1 and H2 should highlight your service or product. You need to put some thought into the anchor text you use for internal website links. If you are only typing “click here” and subsequently linking that term, that is doing absolutely nothing for your search engine results. Crawling spiders will notice you if you use the correct keywords for anchor text. When designing your website, it’s important to know that spiders cannot read dynamic language or session ID names. Certain language can confuse a search engine, which is why each URL should have a meaningful name, as well as pertinent keywords. Search engines improve your rankings based not just on hits, but also on the length of time of each hit. You can find out how much time someone spends on your site with services such as Quantcast scores. There are a few ways to increase the visitors time spent. Forums, blogs, and posts that can replied to are all great means to increase visitors’ time spent on your site, as they all build interest. The way to do this is to make a robots text file and place it in your site’s root directory. txt file and inserting it in your site’s root directory. This will prevent any search engine from being able to gain access to particular files on your site. Present yourself as an experienced veteran of your field. This tactic can really bring in the cash. Design your website around a certain niche, and use SEO techniques to drive those potential customers to your site so they can buy your products and services. Provide the customers with what they desire, not what they may think that they desire. Site Map Another SEO tool is to be involved in blogging. Blogs get ranked easily since search engine algorithms prefer highly-structured data and new content. If you want a high ranking with the search engines then backlinks are an important part of this. Create a site map for your website to help the major search engines index each of your site’s pages. The site map, or navigation bar, lets the search engines access your pages from all other pages on the site. A site map may have a significant impact on search engine rankings, even for small websites. To get the best possible search engine rankings, learn all you can about social website marketing and take full advantage of the free advertising opportunities. Go beyond Twitter and Facebook. There are a lot of specialized social media sites that cater to folks interested in things like photography or dog breeding. Join any that seem relevant to your niche, and use it as a method to promote your services or products and improve your ranking. You want to be sure you provide a focused effort to each page of your site. You don’t want to promote everything you sell in one single post or article. This will confuse your readers and discourage them from returning. A page focused on one program will have much better success results. Establish a sight map with keywords. A site map is an easy to read, easily accessible directory of every area on your website. It gives users a simple way to find what they’re looking for on your site. Site maps are also useful indexing tools for search engines, as accessibility is a highly desirable trait. To avoid the spam filters of the search engines, avoid duplicating any content on your site. This could happen by accident. It might be quicker to use the same product description over and over again, but search engines might not be able to distinguish this from spamming. It is possible to make any particular page of any website more friendly to search engines by inserting keywords in the URL of those particular pages. The page won’t rank high if the URL has numbers or symbols. Including relevant keywords improves a page’s traffic. Search Engines Successfully optimizing your site for search engines may seem intimidating, but as this article has shown you, it doesn’t have to be difficult. Knowing the few basic principles that determine how the search engines work, can help you tweak your site to attract more visitors than ever. Before you know it, you’ll have a slew of new customers. Be active on your blog – you will increase your search engine ranking by doing so. Of course this leads to increased visitor numbers viewing your website. Related PostsAmple Ideas For Search Engine Optimization Around The NationAchieve Top Search Engine Results And Convesions With SEO Tips That WorkMaximize Your Marketing Efforts With SEO Tips That Drive Your SuccessBetter Results For Your Site Through Search Engine OptimizationNeed Help With Your SEO? Try These Tips!

GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- A person was shot in the calf in a Southeast Grand Rapids neighborhood after two men struggled over a gun. The shooting happened about 2 p.m. in the 600 block of Oakdale Street SE. Grand Rapids police Sgt. Terry Dixon said two men had previously argued and they came together again on Oakdale Street on Friday, Sept. 18. One person showed a handgun and there was "some kind of struggle" before the gun went off. The victim then sought his own medical treatment at a hospital. Police say they are interviewing witnesses but have made no arrests. E-mail John Tunison: jtunison@mlive.com and follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/johntunison

3:45 pm | Friday, September 18th, 2015 
   

KINUMPIRMA ng Palasyo na nasa Naga si dating Interior secretary at pambato ng Liberal Party (LP) na si Mar Roxas para kumbinsihin si Camarines Sur Rep. Leni Robredo na kanyang maging bise presidente sa 2016 elections. 

Sa isang briefing, sinabi ni Deputy Presidential Spokesperson Abigail Valte na hinihintay pa ang magiging sagot ni Robredo sa alok ni Roxas. 

“Si former DILG Secretary Mar Roxas has been talking to her about a possible VP run. Sa akin pong pagkakaalam ay magkasama po sila ngayon sa Naga,” sabi ni Valte. 

Idinagdag ni Valte na may iba pang grupo na kumukumbinsi kay Robredo na maging running mate ni Roxas matapos namang pormal nang magdeklara si Sen. Grace Poe ng kanyang kandidatura sa pagkapangulo. 

Ito’y matapos na ring umpisahan ni Presidential Spokesperson Edwin Lacierda sa kanyang Facebook account ang hashtag para sa kandidatura ni Robredo. 

“The President is aware of the ongoing talks with Congresswoman Robredo,” ayon pa kay Valte. 

Hindi naman masabi ni Valte kung bakit hindi si Robredo ang unang pinili ni Aquino para maging bise presidente ni Roxas. 

“That I cannot answer. I am not privy to the decisions that were made previously and siguro po mas — the President will be in a better position to explain how they arrived at the process,” giit ni Valte. 

Nauna nang inalok ni Aquino si Poe na maging running mate ni Roxas. 
     
Recent Stories: 
    
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines. 
      
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards. 
     
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here. 
   
Factual errors? Contact the Philippine Daily Inquirer's day desk. Believe this article violates journalistic ethics? Contact the Inquirer's Reader's Advocate. Or write The Readers' Advocate: c/o Philippine Daily Inquirer Chino Roces Avenue corner Yague and Mascardo Streets, Makati City, Metro Manila, Philippines Or fax nos. +63 2 8974793 to 94

Speedica - Voyage Into The Fifth Dimension
Band Info:
Country: Netherlands
Location: Weert, Limburg
Formed: 1986
Style(s): Thrash Metal
Status: Split Up
Release Info:
Type: Demo
Carrier: Cassette
Recording Year: 1989
Release Year: 1989
Release Style: Thrash Metal
Label: Self Released
Release Line Up:
Hans Reinders - Vocals
Henk Hamers (R.I.P. 2011) - Guitars
Marcel Coenen - Guitars
Raymond Heydendael - Bass
Pierre Heydendael - Drums
Tracklist:
01 - Torture
02 - Haunted House
03 - Expulsion of Evil
04 - Souls of Despair
Download Info:
Format: MP3
Bitrate: 224 kbps
File Size: 34 MB
Host site: Zippyshare
Link: Get It Here!
Enjoy!!

(CNN) -  
Matt Damon plays an astronaut stranded in space in his latest movie, and NASA is capitalizing on his star power to promote its future travels to Mars. 

"The Martian" star was tapped for a NASA video about real-life efforts to explore Mars in the latest cross-promotion between the film and the space agency. 

NASA collaborated on the film with 20th Century Fox Entertainment, providing guidance on production design and technical consultants. For its part, NASA is making the most of its Hollywood connection to educate the public on space exploration and burnish its brand in the process. It even launched a page, "The Real Martians," dedicated to the topic. 
 
The film combines fictional and factual narratives about Mars based on work of NASA and others have done. In the film, which takes place in the 2030s, astronauts regularly travel to Mars and live on the surface to explore. "The Martian" is set to open October 2. 

"Sending people to Mars and returning them safely is the challenge of a generation," Damon says in the NASA video. "Journey to Mars will forever change our history books, rewriting what we know about the red planet and expanding the human presence deeper into the solar system." 

For better or worse, it often takes a little Hollywood magic to capture the public's attention, especially when it comes to science. So, how does a mission to Mars play out? 

Journey to Mars begins on International Space Station 

Right now, some 250 miles above land on the International Space Station, American astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko are studying the effect of long periods without gravity on the human body. The "One Year Mission" on the space station will help prepare for future journeys. Kelly led a Twitter chat Saturday, six months into his mission, sharing insights into what they've learned so far. 

No drop of sweat, coffee or urine goes to waste on the station thanks to the Environmental Control and Life Support System. The system recovers and recycles water from various sources so it can be reclaimed and filtered for consumption through the Water Recovery System. 

The International Space Station uses a deployable fresh-food production system known as Veggie to build a continuous source of food. Using red, blue, and green lights, Veggie helps plants grow in pillows, small bags with a wicking surface containing media and fertilizer, to be harvested by astronauts. Astronauts used the system to grow red romaine lettuce in 2014 -- a huge step in space farming. 

Getting there 

Future trips to Mars could take 500 days or longer so it better be a smooth ride. The vehicle that will bring crews to space is the Orion spacecraft, which will provide emergency abort capability, sustain the crew during the space travel and bring them back safely. Orion will launch on NASA's new heavy-left rocket, the Space Launch System 

Staying there 

Although "The Martian" takes place 20 years in the future, NASA is already working on many of the technologies that appear in the film. 

Damon's character, astronaut Mark Watney, spends time in the habitation module known as "the Hab." Future astronauts who land on Mars will need such a home to survive. At Johnson Space Center in Houston, crews train for long-duration deep-space missions in the Human Exploration Research Analog known as HERA, a self-contained environment that simulates a deep-space habit. 

The two-story habitat contains living quarters, workspaces, a hygiene module and a simulated airlock. Crews stay in the habitat for 14 days at a time conducting operational tasks, completing payload objectives and learning how to live together in an isolated environment. 

In the film, Watney fends for himself with limited supplies after his crew leaves him behind, believing him dead. To pass time, he goes for a spin on his rover, which is based on NASA's Multi-Mission Space Exploration Vehicle. The vehicle has been used in NASA's analog mission projects to troubleshoot and develop capabilities to support missions to an asteroid, Mars, its moons and elsewhere. It's built to handle address issues such as range, rapid entry and exit and radiation protection. Some versions of the vehicle have six pivoting wheels for maneuverability. In the instance of a flat tire, the vehicle simply lifts up the bad wheel and keeps on rolling. 

Watney spends most of his sol (Martian day) in a spacesuit to protect himself from the cold atmosphere, lack of breathable air and dust. 

NASA is working on two new prototypes to identify technology gaps between current spacesuits and ones sufficient for setting foot on Mars. Through the Z-2 and Prototype eXploration spacesuits, spacesuit engineers are examining the tradeoff between hard composite materials and fabrics to strike a balance between durability and flexibility.

Great idea here from @PaulRoWilson . “It’s not guess who its guess what. Flexible topic revision with the facts coming from the student.” 
 
(433 views)

click on images for better viewing Published September 07, 2015 Associated Press Connecticut woman adjusting to modern society after 27 years in prison on murder conviction EAST HARTFORD, Conn. – A Connecticut woman released from prison in 2013 after serving 27 years for murder says life on the outside has its own challenges, including living on a small pension and Social Security ... Her supporters argued she should have been convicted of manslaughter and released years ago ... Complete Article Longer version, AP story Background 10-1 event more COOL JUSTICE Cool Justice Twitter In The Halls Of Justice, The Only Justice Is In The Halls- signed copy, #moreCOOLJUSTICE Tweet

Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger will continue to rotate his goalkeepers despite Wednesday's Champions League defeat against Dynamo Zagreb. 
 
The Gunners slipped to the shock defeat at the Stadion Maksimir after Wenger made a raft of changes following the 2-0 win against Stoke on Saturday. 
 
David Ospina stepped in for Petr Cech in goal while Olivier Giroud started up front - however the French international was sent off for two yellow cards after just 40 minutes. 
 SUBMIT AN ARTICLE  
Apply to become a GMS writer by signing up and submitting a  250-word test article: http://gms.to/haveyoursay5 
 
Despite the loss, the Daily Mail reports that Wenger has no intention of stopping his rotation experiment with a deluge of games to come. 
 
Cech will step into goal for the showdown against Chelsea this weekend, however, Ospina is likely to get the nod for the Capital One Cup showdown against north London rivals Tottenham. 
 
The Mail claim that's because Wenger has promised Ospina more playing time following the arrival of Cech from Chelsea. The Colombian had the chance to leave and join Galatasaray in the summer but opted to stay put after receiving assurances from Wenger that he would have a chance to show what he can do. 
 Selection  

 
Although Ospina will likely play against Spurs, the Mail report that Wenger will name a stronger-than-normal side for the game. The French boss has a history of naming young starting XIs in the competition, but will respond to fan expectations by selecting some senior players in order to get a result. 
 
Despite that, the Mail add that 17-year-old  Jeff Reine-Adelaide could feature at White Hart Lane on Wednesday. 
 Should Petr Cech start in goal for every Arsenal game?  
Do YOU want to write for GiveMeSport? Get started today by signing-up and submitting an article HERE: http://gms.to/writeforgms

If you’re in the market for a new mattress, you want something that is both comfortable and durable. Comfort is easy; durability isn’t. That’s why we’ve come up with this list of five things that will help your new mattress last longer. You already have to spend a big chunk of money — it just makes sense to extend the life of your mattress as long as possible. 
 Use a Waterproof Mattress Pad  
Mattress pads are not just for children. They help protect mattresses from moisture and wear . When you buy a new mattress, make sure to get a protection pad to go with it. This will help your mattress last longer. Mattress pads are relatively inexpensive, especially if you don’t opt to get a memory foam pad or something extra that you don’t need with a new mattress. Some pads include a moisture-proof barrier, and these will protect your mattress the best. 
 Rotate the Mattress Every Couple of Months  
If you’re like most people, you sleep in the same position every night. Over time, this causes your mattress to sag and become uneven. Don’t let this happen to your new mattress. Instead, rotate your mattress 180 degrees every couple of months. Just make it part of your deep cleaning routine or think about whether your mattress needs to be rotated when you are changing the linens. Some of the longest lasting mattresses can be flipped over, too. Mattresses are heavy — you might have to enlist someone’s help to rotate or turn it over. 
 Change the Linens and Vacuum Often  
Bed linens collect dust and allergens and absorb body odors. If you leave them on your bed too long, these problems transfer to your mattress. That’s why it’s recommended that you change your sheets every week and wash your duvet frequently. Not only does this help your mattress last longer, it helps you sleep better, too. You should also vacuum your mattress so that dust and allergens do not sit on it for too long. 
 Don’t Let Your Pet Sleep with You  
It doesn’t matter how clean you think your pet is — he will drag unwanted things like dirt and dander onto your mattress. Accidents are also a possibility, even for well-trained pets. To help your mattress last longer, don’t let your pet sleep with you. The pet snuggles are best kept for when you’re both awake and off the bed and can enjoy them better. 
 Choose a Good Mattress in the First Place  
Image via Flickr by Noodles and Beef 
 
There are a lot of different mattresses out there and the prices vary widely. Don’t buy the cheapest thing you can find because it probably won’t last very long. Instead, read as many mattress reviews as you can, and try mattresses out for yourself. Buying a reliable mattress that fits your particular needs and sleep habits will give you a bigger bang for your buck. 
 
These tips should help your new mattress last longer. Start implementing them as soon as your mattress comes through the door. Sweet dreams! 
 
Image via Flickr by mah_Japan 
 
The post 5 Tips to Help Your New Mattress Last Longer appeared first on INFOtainment News .

Osaka eyes law to evict quasi- legal drug dealers 
The Japan Times 
OSAKA – Osaka Prefecture plans to reform its ordinance and prohibit accommodation operators from allowing dealers of quasi- legal drugs to stay, following the recent eradication of such dealers' outlets in the prefecture. The prefecture will announce … 

and more »  
   
View full post on Legal Law – Google News

Jonny Wilkinson has a sharp eye. Anyone who has seen him kick a ball knows that, especially those who saw his 2003 World Cup-winning drop goal in extra time in the final between Australia and England. Jonny Wilkinson has a sharp eye. Anyone who has seen him kick a ball knows that, especially those who saw his 2003 World Cup-winning drop goal in extra time in the final between Australia and England. Wilkinson doesn't raise the subject of that kick in an interview with Fairfax Media, but when asked he still fondly recalls the moment that is etched in rugby folklore.

"As soon as I dropped it I knew I wasn't going to smash it out the back of the stadium, but I knew it was going to go straight. It was exactly what I was asking for," he says with the softest of laughs.

Fast forward to today. Even in retirement, Wilkinson, 36, still has that sharp eye. Okay … he no longer needs to use it for sizing up kicks, or reading a game from his old playmaking position at No.10.

However, Wilkinson, who retired from Test rugby in December 2012 - with 97 Test caps for England and the British and Irish Lions - and all professional rugby in May last year, has a sharp eye for talent.

When asked about two World Cup players of contrasting size, experience and - arguably – rugby ability, who could be much spoken of by the time the World Cup ends on November 1, Wilkinson says ...

Wallabies veteran Matt Giteau, 32, 85kg, 178cm and the sole survivor in this Wallabies squad of that losing 2003 side with 96 Tests caps since his 2002 Test debut. and England rookie Sam Burgess, 26, 116kg, 196cm, with two Test caps and a World Cup debutant a little less than one year since leaving the 2014 NRL premiership winning Rabbitohs.

Pending selections, both centres could square off in their crucial Pool A game at Twickenham on October 4 (6am AEST); or even in the final if both teams qualify.

Wilkinson's esteem for Giteau was clear in May last year when he said: "I don't quite know how a team ever let him go in Australia" after Giteau missed World Cup selection in 2011 and joined Toulon.

Wilkinson believes the Wallabies' fate will largely hinge on Giteau, who returned to the team after the Australian Rugby Union changed its selection policy on overseas-based players. The previously closed door is now open to those with 60 Tests and seven non-consecutive years in an Australian Super Rugby team.

Asked if Giteau's most valuable asset is his ability or experience, Wilkinson says: "The fact he has been able to accumulate all that experience - all that decision-making ability, all that composure, all that wealth of knowledge and rugby wisdom - is huge.

"But what's amazing is that he is still plays with a kind of youthful exuberance that allows him to still be a game breaker at any point.

"That combination makes him dangerous. He is still one of the guys who can make the 50 or 60-yard break.

"He is still the guy that is creating things. But he is still the guy sitting back saying, 'Now is the time to do this', and directing the team. He could be the one who could turn a game from losing to winning in an instant."

Wilkinson believes players like Giteau are crucial to any World Cup team.

"The game is largely at the feet of these kind of players," Wilkinson says.

"It is amazing how dominant and the effect the guy has had on the Top 14.

"And the Top 14 in France is not a competition - in the way it is played - that should allow itself to be defined by someone playing in the centre role. But he has done it.

"When you leave space or offer options and you give him a platform to play with, give him some decent ball when he wants it, it is like a red rag to a bull after that.

"That is exactly what he did and that is exactly what he will do for Australia."

Despite voices to the contrary, Wilkinson steadfastly believes Burgess should be in England's World Cup squad just one year into his code switch. "He is an enormous talent," Wilkinson says.

Wilkinson says Burgess' "leadership" traits are a "top priority in terms of being a team guy".

He also cites as "inspirational" qualities, "his strength in defence and attack", adding that with "what he brings to a team with his aura you have a very special player".

However, Wilkinson recognises Burgess is far from the finished product.

"There are certain elements that are just rugby – you can take off union or league, it's just rugby," Wilkinson says.

"He has all that, the rugby part. The union part is just positional. There are the subtle nuances and largely to a degree it goes beyond that to managing the game and everyone has to do that nowadays."

Wilkinson believes picking Burgess or not should come down to balancing his strengths and weaknesses.

"You have got to weigh up, 'How much are we willing to take, knowing that maybe there may have been another season in there to build [his game] up'," Wilkinson says.

"But then you look at the weight of the balance on the other side and say, 'This guy is just too strong. His presence is too formidable in terms of how it affects other guys'.

"And you say, 'Actually that is going to be the most beneficial thing', in terms of how you might want to use him.

"And if they are using him off the bench, they can control that game management side because they will be able to send messages on with him."

Wilkinson hopes Burgess enjoys a long future in English rugby, saying: "He is a once in a generation kind of player in what he brings with that personal strength.

"I am a big fan of his and a lot of the other guys coming across [from league].

"This game of ours is won just like any other game: it takes a lot of time to learn it.

"That goes for us who've played it all our lives, not just guys who are coming over."

Jonny Wilkinson is a Land Rover ambassador. Land Rover's #WeDealInReal campaign champions and celebrates the people that are the heart and soul of the game, by putting local clubs on the global stage. Find out more at landrover.com/rugby The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

“While menopause affects women physically, it’s not the lack of sex, night sweats or fatigue that leave men feeling unloved. It’s the emotional loss of their partner."  
 Houston TX (PRWEB)  September 17, 2015  

Menopause is no longer just for ‘older women’ with hot flashes, irritability and night sweats.  An estimated 6,000 baby boomer women in the U.S. reach menopause every day and suffer both physical and emotional symptoms that can linger and interfere with their relationships and marriages.  Hesitant to share her new emotions with her husband, divorce sometimes ensues. 
 
“Men often wonder why she rejects him in the bedroom, why she doesn’t want to go out as much, and why she seems colder, more anxious and feels old, unattractive, overweight, tired,  overwhelmed and confused or depressed,” says  Mary Jo Rapini, a licensed psychotherapist and co-author of newly published, Re-Coupling: A Couple’s 4-step Guide to Greater Intimacy and Better Sex. “While menopause affects women physically, it’s not the lack of sex, night sweats or fatigue that leave men feeling unloved. It’s the emotional loss of their partner. He sees her as still being beautiful, witty, charming, sexy and his main confidante’. Anyone who has ever tried to tell a woman she is beautiful when she believes she is not understands how futile it is and how easily she will dismiss the comment even if it was said with sincerity.” 
 
These 10 tips help couples cope with the change and can even draw one another closer: 
 
1.    Don’t take menopause symptoms personally. 
2.    Explore new ways to be intimate, the ones you traditionally used may not be comfortable anymore. 
3.    When she’s most irritable or angry ask her what’s going on--it most likely has nothing to do with you. 
4.    If there’s a problem, don’t ignore it--talk about it.  
5.    If she’s having hot flashes, cuddling or sleeping together might be too uncomfortable. Allow her space, but let her know you’re there. 
6.    Many women suffer with their loss of fertility. Be patient, listen and don’t make jokes. 
7.    There are no quick medical treatments available for the physical or emotional aspects as helpful as a loving, supportive partner. Hormone therapy helps, but it isn’t a magic cure, and many women cannot use it.  
8.    If sex is being avoided, it doesn’t mean she doesn’t love you anymore. It might be painful. Replens is a non-hormonal moisturizer that provides comfortable relief for three days and a good silicone lubricant like Wet Platinum or Replens Silky Smooth should be used just before and during sex.  
9.    Fifty is a tough time for men too, so be patient with one another. Mid-life is a couple’s challenge. Many men are silently suffering from erectile dysfunction. Stronvivo is a nutritional supplement that improves blood flow and erectile function by keeping blood circulating smoothly throughout the body, delivering nutrients and oxygen to the brain, muscles, organs, and skin. Natural pharmaceutical-grade ingredients including L-Arginine and L-Citrulline among others to support healthy hormone levels resulting in stronger erections for men making it a perfect companion to testosterone replacement therapy and increased sexual desire for women enhancing lubrication, arousal and orgasms while reducing vaginal pain. 
10.    Depression and anxiety can be part of menopause. Take it seriously and encourage her to talk to a mental health care professional if her symptoms become severe or persistent.  
“Couples who embrace the change in life as a temporary condition and go through it together do much better and remain much closer than those who don’t,” adds Rapini. 
  
Share article on social media or email

BioLineRx Ltd. (NASDAQ: BLRX) announced today that its

Chief Executive Officer, Kinneret Savitsky, Ph.D., and its Chief

Financial and Operating Officer, Philip Serlin, will be presenting at

the 17th Annual Rodman & Renshaw Global Investment Conference

at the St. Regis Hotel in New York City.

The BioLineRx presentation is scheduled to start at 10:00 a.m. EDT on

Wednesday, September 9, 2015. A live audio webcast of the presentation

will be available online at the investor page of the Company's

website. An archive of the event will also be available for those

unable to listen live.

See full press release

Posted-In: News Press Releases

New York has seen the lights go out in spectacular ways in recent years. 
 
Almost the entire state went dark during the Great Northeast Blackout of 2003, and power outages sporadically shut down the 911 emergency services system. 
 
In 2008, more than 1.7 million upstate residents were plunged into darkness after a major ice storm split trees and crumbled the grid. And in 2012, Hurricane Sandy damaged power plants and equipment, shutting the power to millions of residents for days. 
 
These events - and the certainty of more in the future - have given the state plenty of reasons to look for new ways to prevent power loss in emergencies. 
 
In the search for solutions, though, a major problem keeps popping up. The standard model for a region’s electric grid is built around one or a few large plants producing electricity and shipping it often long distances on transmission lines to customers. 
 
If the plant or the line goes down, so does the grid. For authorities trying to overcome this structural issue, one idea is getting a serious look. 
 
It’s called a microgrid , and officials from Potsdam to Brooklyn are betting that the concept will keep the lights on the next time an unwelcome visitor threatens the flow of electricity to hospitals and other vital facilities. 
 
“Much of New York’s effort is predicated on resiliency,” says Lavelle Freeman, the manager of distribution, planning and engineering for GE’s Energy Consulting business. “Sandy is just the most recent example that has people asking: what you do to prevent the grid from collapsing for an extended period of time?” 
 
At its heart, a microgrid is a standalone power system embedded within a region’s grid that can operate independently when a power outage starts. During a disruption, a microgrid acts as a powered island that keeps critical infrastructure like fire and gas stations, clinics and telecommunications systems running.

Posted Tuesday, September 15th 2015 @ 7am 
 
Police have identified a woman found dead near an Intersection in Cedar Rapids.  The Cedar Rapids Police Department says the body of 41-year-old Sharon Rae Mead was found early Friday near a bus stop. Investigators are awaiting the results of an autopsy and say they are investigating the incident as an unattended death.  Mead had no local address.

Anchored by a Coles supermarket, The Well returns $4.9 million a year in income. 

The Well shopping centre in Camberwell is tipped to fetch more than $70 million.

Andrew V. Myer, scion of the Myer retailing family, said it was time to move on from his project.

He started to develop The Well in 2004 as a mixed project with a seven-level apartment building and 2500 square metres of office space.

The 9325-square-metre shopping centre opened in 2008, just as the global financial crisis hit the economy.

Anchored by a Coles supermarket, it returns $4.9 million a year in income.

Mr Myer said it was time for a change.

"It's been very rewarding. It was tough during the GFC, but everything was tough then," he said.

"I'm ready to do new things – some boutique residential projects and films – and need some new capital so I can do that. It's been a trophy asset for us and I expect it will be for the next owner."

Other tenants at the centre at 793 Burke Road include Dymocks, JB Hi-Fi and the Goodlife Health Club, as well as 23 specialty shops.

JLL head of retail Simon Rooney, who is handling the expressions of interest campaign, said the centre was in the middle of one of Melbourne's most affluent areas.

"Not only is it a demographic with high spending power, it is one that continues to grow," Mr Rooney said.

Mr Myer is the grandson of Sidney Myer.

Sidney Myer built the eight-level Myer department store in Bourke Street in 1914. It was the fifth-largest centre in the world at the time.

Mr Rooney said more than $1.1 billion worth of neighbourhood shopping centres had changed hands in 2015, which could rival last year's record $1.8 billion of transactions. The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

The risk of renewed load-shedding is real this week, Eskom said on Monday.

It said planned maintenance of the Cahora Bassa hydroelectric station in Mozambique, an Eskom supplier, was being done until next Sunday.

“As a result, South Africa will get 650 MW instead of the 1500 MW from Cahora Bassa on a daily basis [during maintenance],” Eskom said.

“This maintenance is expected to be completed on Sunday 20 September, and the station is expected to be pumping at full capacity on Monday 21 September.”

The power system will be tight, particularly over the weekday evening peak periods from Tuesday 15 September to Friday 18 September.

Eskom urged consumers to continue using electricity sparingly to reduce the odds of load-shedding.

“As the weather begins to warm up, usage of electricity becomes high for most of the day, predominantly due to the increased usage of air-conditioners, geysers and pool pumps,” it said.

To see the new revised load-shedding schedule, click here: http://www.tshwane.gov.za/sites/Departments/Public-works-and-infrastructure/Pages/Load-Shedding.aspx

Do you have more information about the story? Please send us an email to editorial@rekord.co.za or phone us on 072 435 7717.

For free breaking and community news, visit Rekord’s websites: For more news and interesting articles, like Rekord on

From Tyler Gaffaney: "I just signed a contract with El Olivar, the subsidiary of CAI Zaragoza. I'll be playing in the Leb Silver division in Zaragoza, Spain..."
Do click on the link above as he details his approach to basketball and it's something all young players should read and utilize.
At 6-foot-5 and out of The Branson School and Claremont McKenna College (M.A. in Business Administration - Marketing), he averaged 22.9 points, on 54%, 46% and 83% shooting while also compiling 6.4 rebounds plus 3.8 assists per game. Gaffaney was named the West Region Player of the Year and All-America Second Team.

Download and listen new hit joint tuombe amani by von nigger ft j-ros Posted by Felix Mtweve at Tuesday, September 29, 2015 Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to Facebook

g market links with Hong Kong, HKEx says 
 
China’s stock rout is hampering efforts to link mainland markets to the rest of the world via Hong Kong, said Charles Li, who runs the city’s bourse operator. 
“Psychologically, this is not the time to talk a lot about mutual market access when you’ve just put out a fire,” Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. Chief Executive Officer Li said at a conference in Singapore yesterday. “You’d want to calm down, figure out how to clean up and then move forward.” 
More than nine months after the start of a trading link between equity markets in Hong Kong and Shanghai, investors are still waiting for news on when a similar program with Shenzhen will begin. Hong Kong Exchanges shares have tumbled 43 percent from their May peak as optimism waned that the connect would boost turnover and revenues. 
“Sentiment in mainland markets needs to get better” before regulators will consider setting a start date for Shenzhen, said Sam Chi Yung, a strategist at Delta Asia Securities Ltd. in Hong Kong. “If the sentiment on the A-share market is not good, people may not be too interested if they launch the program now.” 
Hong Kong’s benchmark Hang Seng Index is down 21 percent this quarter, the worst performer among major developed markets tracked by Bloomberg. The Shanghai Composite Index has fallen 25 percent in the same span, and almost USD5 trillion has been wiped off mainland markets since a mid-June peak. 
HKEx Chairman Chow Chung Kong said in April the bourse planned to announce the start date of the Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock link in the first half of this year after a similar program began with Shanghai last November. Technical work has been completed and HKEx is now waiting for regulatory approval, Li said last month. Jasmine Ng and Kana Nishizawa , Bloomberg

NEW YORK , Sept. 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Credit Suisse Research Institute today released a report entitled "Fat: The New Health Paradigm" which explores the influence of medical recommendations on fat consumption globally, the recent change in consumer perceptions of fat, and what impact this shift has for investors. 
  
While historically medical recommendations encouraged dramatically reducing consumption of saturated fats and cholesterol and placed no limits on polyunsaturated fats and carbohydrate intake, consumer buying patterns and medical research are now moving gradually away from these recommendations to favor food products with more natural unprocessed fats and rich in saturated and monounsaturated fats (organic dairy, grass-fed meats, natural oils, and nuts). The report illustrates this evolution by evaluating over 400 medical research papers and books written by academics and industry experts, and at the same time reveals the results of two proprietary surveys of doctors, nutritionists, and consumers. 
 
"We found that 40% of nutritionists and 70% of general practitioners surveyed believe that eating cholesterol-rich foods has damaging cardiovascular effects. This is not true, according to the extensive research that has become available in recent years. Furthermore, they have limited knowledge of the potential benefits and risks of increased fat consumption," said Giles Keating, Vice Chairman of Investment Strategy & Research and Deputy Global Chief Investment Officer for Private Banking & Wealth Management. "There is a concerning knowledge gap between the facts on fat and what consumers have been told." 
 
In spite of this, consumer purchasing habits reveal that consumers are making new choices, which presents powerful investment ideas: global consumption of butter is growing globally at a rate of 2-4% annually; whole milk sales are up 11% while skim milk sales are down 14% in the US in the last six months; and organic egg consumption in the US is up 21% in the last 12 months. The report shows that fat consumption will continue to grow over the next fifteen years with fat accounting for 31% of calorie intake by 2030, up from 26% currently. Saturated fat should account for 13% of all calorie intake by 2030, from just above 9% now. 
 
"We believe that consumers are at a turning point and this has distinct implications for investors. The report's conclusion is simple – natural unprocessed fats are healthy and are integral to transforming our society into one that focuses on developing and maintaining healthy individuals," said Stefano Natella, Global Head of Equity Research and an author of the study. 
 
Additional forecasts for macronutrient and fat-containing food consumption levels by 2030 include: 
 
GLOBAL 
 Fat consumption per capita is likely to soar by 23%, protein by 12%, and carbs will likely decline by 2%. Total demand for fat will be much higher—up 43% or 1.9% a year—given the 16% growth in the global population expected over the next fifteen years.  Within fat: Saturated fat is likely to grow from 9.4% in 2011 to 12.7% of daily energy intake and monounsaturated from 10.2% to 12.2%.  Polyunsaturated omega-6 is expected to decline slightly from 6% to 5.4% and omega-3 will grow from 0.50% to 0.55% (excluding supplements).   Carbohydrates will decline from 60% of global energy intake in 2011 to 55% by 2030. The rising awareness of the link between excess carbohydrate consumption and metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular issues will largely contribute to this decrease.  Red meat consumption is expected to grow 23% over the next fifteen years.  Egg consumption is expected to grow at a rate of 4% a year, as the cholesterol-heart link gradually disappears from people's minds. By 2030, the world could consume close to 300 eggs a year per capita (just over five eggs a week).  
REGIONAL 
 The US :  Meat consumption is forecasted to trend higher with red meat in the lead.  Egg consumption should be 350 per year (almost one a day) up from 235 currently.  Among solvent-extracted oils, a small decline is expected, with soybean oil still as the best-selling, including the new high-oleic versions.  Butter should grow faster as the market learns the benefits of eating butter and as negative perceptions linked to saturated fats gradually disappears.   Europe :  Red meat consumption per capita is expected to grow 9% and poultry 19%.  Fish consumption should grow slower at 12%, as consumption is already at a relative high level and availability is more constrained.  Milk, cheese and yogurt should expand 11% or 0.7% a year, but butter consumption should grow 4% a year. The 5.5 kg per capita expected for 2030 is almost 10% below consumption in 1990.  Egg consumption should increase sharply and expand by 42% or over 2% a year to 300 eggs a year per person.  Vegetable oil consumption on a per capita basis should remain basically flat.  Solvent-extracted oils should decline 10%, while natural oils (olive, palm, and coconut) should grow more than 30%, albeit from a small base.   
For a copy of the report, please click here: Credit Suisse Research Institute: Fat: The New Health Paradigm . 
 
Credit Suisse AG  
Credit Suisse AG is one of the world's leading financial services providers and is part of the Credit Suisse group of companies (referred to here as 'Credit Suisse'). As an integrated bank, Credit Suisse is able to offer clients its expertise in the areas of private banking, investment banking and asset management from a single source. Credit Suisse provides specialist advisory services, comprehensive solutions and innovative products to companies, institutional clients and high net worth private clients worldwide, and also to retail clients in Switzerland. Credit Suisse is headquartered in Zurich and operates in over 50 countries worldwide. The group employs approximately 46,600 people. The registered shares (CSGN) of Credit Suisse's parent company, Credit Suisse Group AG, are listed in Switzerland and, in the form of American Depositary Shares (CS), in New York. Further information about Credit Suisse can be found at www.credit-suisse.com . 
 
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20091204/CSLOGO    
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/credit-suisse-publishes-report-on-evolving-consumer-perceptions-about-fat-300144839.html

After declaring he’s running for the White House – in 2020 that is – we asked for your #Kanye2020Slogan ideas, and you really came through. Alex Wagner shares the best of the best. 

Read more

American regains No. 1 ranking with Tour Championship win   (CNN) -  
Record-breaker and history-maker Jordan Spieth has reaped the rewards of becoming golf's new superstar this year -- and now the American is planning to share his riches. 

His spectacular season culminated in landing an $11.5 million jackpot on Sunday, when he regained the world No. 1 ranking by winning the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup finale. 

Spieth's four-stroke victory at the Tour Championship clinched the $10 million prize for winning the four-tournament series, and took his total earnings for 2015 past $22 million. It surpassed the record of $20.9 million set by Tiger Woods in 2007. 
 
"For me it's important to give it back to not only the people that need it, but also to our team who made it possible," the 22-year-old told CNN. 

"This is a bonus that isn't just for me, I promise you that. 

"This is going to a lot of various places because this season was magical and there was a lot of behind the scenes work done by a lot of people, and I want to be able to share that with them." 

With Australian Jason Day failing to finish in the top five on Sunday, Spieth took the PGA Championship winner's place at the top of the rankings. 

The Texan was able to celebrate his incredible weekend of success with his whole family and says it was made all the more special by the presence of his autistic sister Ellie, who missed out on his previous wins. 

"It was really cool, it was great. When she came out I didn't even see her," he said. 

"I wasn't expecting it, she just kind of ran into me and gave me a hug. It was awesome. 

"It was special to have everybody here, it was just like the Masters except that Ellie was added in too. 

"I owe everything to my family. They're my inspiration, they're the ones who put in the sacrifice to allow me to be here so I'm able to now celebrate with them and it's going to be fun." 

Spieth's season started with victories in the opening two majors -- the U.S. Open and the Masters -- and he fell just short of becoming the first player since Ben Hogan in 1953 to win the opening three when he missed out on a playoff at the British Open by one shot. 

He then tied for second at the PGA Championship, but missed the cut in the opening two FedEx Cup playoff events before bouncing back when it most mattered at East Lake. 

The Atlanta venue was the home course of golf legend Bobby Jones, the only man to win a calendar grand slam -- in 1930, when two of the majors were amateur championships. 

"It's amazing. It's almost like a major championship," Spieth said of the elite 30-player event. 

"What an unbelievable venue this is, the scene of a lot of Bobby Jones' history. 

"It's cool to come back here and attack this golf course and play it the right way. I didn't make it easy on myself but all in all that last walk up 18 was pretty fun."

Shares in Etisalat climbed 1.8 percent yesterday on the first day it opened up to foreign and institutional investors.

The UAE telco also saw its highest daily trading volume on record, with over 42 million Etisalat shares traded in one day.

The opening bell saw shares rise by 3.5 percent, dominating trading in Abu Dhabi, but eventually fell back to 1.8 percent. 

As the biggest listed company in the UAE, Etisalat is now very likely to secure a place in emerging market indexes, attracting global funds. Previously, only local retail investors could buy the stock. Etisalat has soared 22 percent since it announced the decision to open up to foreign investors three months ago. 

Dubai's benchmark stock index rose 0.7 percent, supported by a rebound in a number of stocks after several days of declines.

Property developer DAMAC jumped 3.5 percent ahead of a shareholder meeting later in the day which will vote on the firm's first cash dividend since it listed in Dubai in January.

Saudi Arabia's main index was nearly flat as banks offset losses in other sectors. National Commercial Bank and Al Rajhi climbed 1.4 percent each and were the main support for the market ahead of this week's meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve, which could result in a rise in interest rates.

The Saudi riyal is pegged to the dollar, so Riyadh is very likely to adjust interest rates as well, boosting banks' margins.

Other Gulf markets were soft. Qatar edged down 0.3 percent, Kuwait fell 0.6 percent and Oman was down 0.4 percent.

[caption id="" align="alignnone" width="640"] Click picture for additional photos and complete listing courtesy of Jack McPhail, Pacific Union[/caption]

This exceptional international style residence is one of the most creative of the local homes designed by Donald Olsen. The unusual site and large trees forced Olsen out of his normal “box” and the result is two distinct pavilions linked by a glazed entrance gallery. The public spaces occupy one side and the private spaces are on the other making for an unusually natural and effective separation. The home is still owned by the family for which it was built which explains its amazing state of preservation. It’s a rare opportunity to become only the second owner of a home of this quality.

19, September 2015: The whole sector of scooter has gone through triple phase. FOSJOAS intelligent self-balancing scooter transformed from the single-wheeled scooter to the twin-wheeled scooter, and then from the twin-wheeled scooter to the two-wheeled scooter. The triple transformation also marked the change in purpose of use. The single-wheeled scooter mainly serves the end of entertainment. The twin-wheeled scooter primarily fulfils the end of increasing the customer base. And the last model aims to meet the demand from production and locomotion. However, there is no model that serves the end of carrying goods. What if FOSJOAS electric intelligent scooter can carry goods? 
 

 
Many young people like FOSJOAS electric self-balancing scooter . Some who are energetic and enthusiastic ride FOSJOAS scooter tend to ride FOSJOAS electric self-balancing scooters to show off their thrilling riding skill in the street and in the parks. They represent the youth and vibration. And the two-wheeled scooter is used mainly in works and occasions like golf paddocks. The workers in the plant ride FOSJOAS scooters as transports. The speed of FOSJOAS scooters is enough in works. There is no need to worry about the crash accident. 
 

 
Except the recreational and functional purpose, many city dwellers appeal for the purpose of life. They usually go shopping or go to the supermarket for weekly purchase. They need purchase much goods. But the current FOSJOAS scooter cannot carry much goods. Especially when they go to the supermarket, they will buy many commodities for weekly use. A pile of goods is a laborious job to them. They cannot carry them home. A personal vehicle that is able to carry much goods is much needed. Therefore, this function of carrying goods is a very promising. In the near future, this function must be added to FOSJOAS scooter. 
 
More modifications and changes in FOSJOAS scooters are worth waiting. 
 
 For Media Contact: 
 Person Name: Mr Tang 
 Company: Changzhou Moben Technology Co.,Ltd 
 Phone: +8618861270200 
 Email Id: moben@fosjoas.com 
 Website: http://www.fosjoas.com/

Though we are only just now entering the ninth month of 2015, Milwaukee has already surpassed last year's murder rate by a startling amount. 104 people have been killed in the city this year, greatly exceeding the 59 lives lost during the same period in 2014 and easily eclipsing that year's total of 86 homicides. According to new data, Milwaukee's seemingly sudden increase in violence is part of a larger national trend represented in statistics compiled by the New York Times:Law enforcement experts are unsure what exactly is causing the dramatic spike in homicides across many major U.S. cities, though they do believe "disparate factors are at play in different cities." Maddeningly, the New York Times reveals that "some officials" are claiming that the renewed scrutiny facing the increasingly detrimental problem of police brutality has "made officers less aggressive and emboldened criminals." Thankfully, most experts vehemently disagree with this theory.Though murder rates in New York and Chicago hit record lows in 2014, both rates have shown a notable increase in the first eight months of 2015. New York is currently experiencing an estimated increase of nine percent, with Chicago doubling that rapidity with a 20 percent increase. Garry McCarthy, the police superintendent in Chicago, believes that the widespread prevalence of guns is largely to blame. "Across the country, we’ve all found it’s not the individual who never committed a crime before suddenly killing somebody,” says McCarthy. “It’s the repeat offenders. It’s the same people over and over again.”Yxc2s3cjqfuKECan08hQUpV19NJzHcH3 

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has been developing a pilot program aimed at making it easier for medical device companies to see, at a glance, how their device is progressing through the agency’s regulatory processes. The initiative is an effort to add transparency and eliminate confusion surrounding the often misunderstood “FDA Review Clock.” 

“We are in the initial stages of designing a website-based portal that would allow sponsors to check on the status of their 510(k) submissions that are under review by the FDA,” said Nels Anderson, a biomedical engineer within the FDA’s Vascular Surgery Device branch. 

The current mock-up—which in an interview with Regulatory Focus, Anderson emphasized was preliminary—includes an overview of the device, the FDA staff reviewing the device and their contact information, the status of the submission and the dates at which the device passed key review milestones, the current status of the FDA’s “review clock” under the Medical Device User Fee Act’s metrics, and the number of days an application has been with a sponsor (e.g., if FDA requests additional information). 

Shelton, Conn.-based Orchid Design has been selected by the agency to be the sole regulatory consulting firm to participate in its submission tracking initiative. 

“The insights gained from working directly with the FDA on this project will allow us to efficiently and effectively navigate the regulatory submission process, as well as bring important issues to the FDA’s attention from a perspective they may otherwise not have considered in the development of the Submission Tracker program,” said Kellen Hills, senior quality and regulatory consultant for Orchid Design. 

Orchid Design will be working alongside two of the largest medical device manufacturers to collaborate with the FDA on this project. Orchid Design, a division of Holt, Mich.-based Orchid Orthopedic Solutions, provides design, development and regulatory submission services. The company has two design centers located in Shelton and Memphis, Tenn., focused on the orthopedic medical device market. 

“We’re looking for three small companies that are willing to work with us on [the] project,” Anderson said. “While we have a number of large corporations working on this with us, we know that smaller companies will have different needs and a different take on the information and we want to make sure they are included in this process.” 

The input gained from this project will be used to create a larger pilot program. 

I've uploaded another video in the "Let's Play With My Friend Cayla Doll" series. This video deals with playing video games with the new interactive doll My Friend Cayla. Basically you download an app on to the mobile device of your choice and connect to My Friend Cayla via Bluetooth. As of this video's release, there are two games that are on the app. One is Tic-Tac-Toe. The other is the classic Memory Match card game where you use your memory to match two cards. The doll has the same emotionless reaction regardless of whether she wins, loses, or the game comes to a draw.

[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Szv9iuLhmC0]

I've also set up a playlist of all of the videos in this series so you can watch the ones you've missed or even watch your favorites all over again.
[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRA0k5P3NBE?list=PLOJBJFwYpqDs9VZzmyfxFz8eSGncnTU5L]

Monkeys See Optical Illusions Too Shaunacy Ferro Image credit: 
iStock
Like us on Facebook Scientists have discovered yet another quality humans share with our primate cousins, monkeys. We’re both susceptible to optical illusions.  Visual illusions are an important technique for studying how species perceive and interpret the world. In the Journal of Experimental Psychology: Animal Learning and Cognition, scientists from Georgia State University find that monkeys seem to misperceive the world in similar ways to people.  To test this, capuchin and rhesus monkeys looked at the Delboeuf illusion, a visual illusion where two dots are surrounded by rings. Though the dots are the same size, one looks bigger because it’s surrounded by a smaller ring. The same scientists had previously shown that chimpanzees fall prey to this illusion when it’s represented by circular food on large and small plates.  The Delboeuf illusion. Image Credit: Georgia State University First, the monkeys were trained to choose the larger of two central dots surrounded by rings. If they chose larger dots, they got a banana-flavored food pellet. Then they were shown different dots surrounded by rings—a small dot surrounded by a small ring and the larger dot surrounded by a large ring. Per the illusion, the small dot appears larger than it is. In a different choice, the dots were the same size but appeared different. In this first experiment, most of the monkeys didn’t show a bias toward the small dot surrounded by the small ring. However, the researchers worried that they had developed a bias toward selecting the dot surrounded by a large ring, so they designed a new experiment.  In the second test, the monkeys decided whether the dot on the computer screen was small or large in relation to a central target size that didn’t appear onscreen. The dots were surrounded by a variety of different ring sizes, and the monkeys would move the cursor to say whether the dot onscreen seemed large or small. In this test, the illusion seemed to hold up. Just like the human participants tested, the monkeys overestimated the size of dots surrounded by small rings and underestimated the size of the dots surrounded by large rings.  While this study wasn’t perfect, it hints that humans and monkeys might perceive the world in similar ways, and provides an opportunity for further study into where optical illusions come from and why we experience them.  More from mental_floss...  Meet the Beer Fridge That Opens Only for Canadians  7 Book Dedications that Basically Say "Screw You"  The Origins of 10 Great Insults  How Marty McFly and Doc Brown Became Friends September 30, 2015 - 4:30pm Shaunacy Ferro shaunacysays Shaunacy Ferro is a staff writer for MentalFloss.com. She has previously covered architecture and design for FastCoDesign.com, and psychology and neuroscience for Popular Science. She lives in Brooklyn and spends most of her free time taking photos of her cat.

A wave of relief swept over me when, at my first appointment to a new rheumatologist, she said she had a name for the elusive condition that threatened my life and sickened me for more than a decade and a half. I now knew, for certain, that I was right; all of my symptoms were tied to just one disease. However, my joy was short-lived. Seconds later, I was told that the autoimmune disease battering my body, igG4 related systemic disease, had no cure.  As a single woman, I wondered, who would care for me if I could not. 
 
At that time, I lived alone in a townhouse, in a city where I knew no one other than my next door neighbor.  My home had stairs, slot of them, which often, pain would not allow me to climb. I worked full-time to maintain health insurance and prescription coverage. My job also allowed me to try meeting the debilitating obligations of my never-ending medical bills because there was no one else providing me with financial support. 
 
My rheumatologist ordered blood tests, CT scans, x-rays and MRI’s to confirm her diagnosis and then came a new round of drugs, aimed at controlling the inflammation that damaged organs in my body.  The “what ifs” flooded in and gave me a headache over the next few months as.  What if I can’t work anymore? How will I survive? Will I have to sell my home?  How will I pay for in house care or a nursing home?  If I can stay in my townhome, is it safe? What if I fall ill in the house alone? Who will be able to get in to get me help? 
 
I thought I was prepared for anything when I bought more life insurance and had my will, healthy proxy, living will and power of attorney updated.  But, that only took care of my financial matters, my funeral and medical wishes but not my everyday needs. I’d neglected to buy long term disability insurance when I was well. By the time I finally applied my pre-existing condition prevented from getting it. 
 
I thought about rebuilding my savings so I could pay for private care on my own if I couldn’t work. However, trying to avoid being sued over doctor’s bills or being forced to file for bankruptcy made it impossible for me to accumulate any real wealth. 
 
I knew I didn’t want my parents to shoulder all the burden of caring for me nor did I want to move into their house.  So, I was motivated to get creative to solve the question: Who will care for me? I jotted down a list of relatives and close friends who I could call upon, in a rotation, to avoid stressing any one person out or abusing their generosity.  I looked for services that I could afford that could help me maintain my independence: carpet cleaners, maid services, grocery stores that let you shop from home and have your groceries delivered, and handyman services. I put handheld shower heads in all the bathrooms so I could sit down and wash myself. I also got a car that had seats that folded down for the times I could walk on my own and required a walker or wheelchair. I switched most of my bills from paper to electronic so they could be paid online. 
 
By far, the hardest thing I had to learn to do was ask for help and learn to take it when it’s offered. I had to change my attitude by not seeing myself as helpless just because I need some help; that made a world of difference. I began letting other people know when my doctor’s appointments and procedures were scheduled so they knew when I might need to be picked up or require assistance. Before I knew it is assemble an army, that’s ready, willing and able to care for me at those times I can’t care for myself. 
 
nikabeamon.com

Members at Grove Baptist Church voted to oust Rev. Tim Mattox Sunday Last Friday Rev. Mattox bannished Genora Hamm Biggs, a member of 92 years, for saying she wasn't happy with his services  Rev. Mattox was sent a letter asking him to collect his things He then took out a restraining againt Biggs' grandson and another member   Hamm Biggs used to be a church officer, and her father was a founder  
Members of a northeast Georgia church have voted to fire a pastor who controversially banned a 103-year-old from the congregation after she disagreed with his services. 

The votes were cast Sunday against Reverend Tim Mattox, who have since issues him a 'Letter of Termination' asking him to remove his belongings from the Union Grove Baptist Church of Elberton. 

Rev. Mattox hit headlines last Friday after it was revealed he had banished Genora Hamm Biggs - a church member of 92 years - for displaying conduct that was 'detrimental' to others after she spoke out about his practices, including laying hands on members. 

According to The Atlanta Journal‑Constitution , Rev. Mattox has now taken a restraining order out against the grandson of Hamm Biggs, as well as a former church secretary.  

    
   
Genora Hamm Biggs, known as the 'mother of the church', has been going to Union Grove Baptist Church in Elberton since she joined it 92 years ago, but was banished last week for disagreeing with the pastor 

The outspoken Hamm Biggs, a retired teacher, said at the weekend that the practices used by Rev. Mattox were not Baptist. 

'He is a holy sanctified minister or so he says. We voted him in and we didn't know it until he was there. We are Baptists and that's what we want to stay,' Biggs said. 

A statement from the Union Grove church to the Athens Banner-Herald said fellow members decided to expel Hamm Biggs. 

'It was determined by the congregation during a church conference meeting, which Mrs. Biggs was present at the time of the meeting, that the behavior of Mrs. Biggs and others was detrimental to the church at large and could no longer be allowed,' according to the statement. 

Church members voted in August to revoke Hamm Biggs' membership, although she has continued attending services. 
 
Hamm Biggs was previously a church officer, and her father was one of its founders. She received a letter about her expulsion. 

'I was unhappy and shocked,' said Biggs. 'I joined the church when I was 11 years old.' 

Also banned from the church was Hamm Biggs' grandson, Eliott Dye, a member for 30 years, and Kevin Hamm, an ordained minister who was also a member of the church. 

Hamm said: 'I tried to talk with [Mattox] and he was just determined to say, 'You can't come over here, period.' 

Hamm Biggs said despite the ban, she still considers herself a member of the congregation. She attended the Sunday service last weekend.  
   
Hamm Biggs was left heartbroken after she received a letter in the mail from church members who banned her from stepping foot inside the church 
 
Hamm Biggs explained: 'He told police he wanted to put us out, but the police told him 'you can't do that' 

Hamm Biggs said the entire debacle unfolded after she told the Reverend Mattox she did not agree with his preaching style.  

But her complaints did not sit well with him. 

Soon after she voiced her opinion, the letter arrived. In the letter, sent by certified mail, Hamm Biggs learnt that her church-going privileges were being 'revoked.'  

It stated: 'Dear Mrs. Genora Hamm Biggs, This letter is to inform you that according to the by-laws of the Union Grove Baptist Church, and by vote of the active members, any membership or associations that you have had with this church are now officially revoked.  

'Therefore, you cannot attend Union Grove Baptist Church for any reason whatsoever. You are not to come to the property of the Union Grove Baptist Church located at 680 Pulliam Street, Elberton, Georgia 30635.  

Sincerely, The members and officers of the Union Grove Baptist Church.'  


The devout Christian was a former city clerk and a school teacher who taught first grade for 40 years.  

She says she prays daily but is having her faith tested  after she received the letter.  

And it got worse when she defied the church's orders and went back to worship. She said she was met by the frosty priest who wanted police to escort her out.  

Hamm Biggs said: 'The letter said we're not to come back, but we went back – police were there.'  

She told Fox Carolina : 'He told police he wanted to put us out, but the police told him 'you can't do that.' 

After that,  the pastor dismissed the service. The lights were turned off and Hamm Biggs was left sitting on the pew of a darkened sanctuary. 

'I was shocked. It was not a good feeling. I haven't seen anything like this before,' she said shaking her head. 
   
In the letter, sent by certified mail, it was signed by members and officers of the Union Grove Baptist Church' 
   
Hamm Biggs' name is etched on the side of the church, but she's been scarred by the entire bad experience 

Elberton police officers say it is a civil matter and have not made any arrests.  

Hamm  Biggs' grandson, Eliott Dye and Kevin Hamm say they are upset over the way Hamm Biggs was treated. 

Hamm told Online Athens : 'To disrespect a pillar and a mother of the church; how can we sit back and watch something like this go forward?' 

Her grandson describes his granny as 'outspoken'. He recalls an incident when  a  woman in the church called his grandmother 'Jezebel,' but she didn't hear what she'd said. 

He said: 'I never told her because her feelings would have been hurt. They have been so rude and I don't understand why it's been directed at my grandmother...[But] my grandmother can be pretty outspoken and that could have a lot to do with it.' 

The embattled centenarian, has, however, received the backing of quite a few of the church's 150 parishioners. 

Ezell Land, who used to be a deacon at the church, said the Hamm Biggs' family literally founded the church. He said quite simply: 'It's not right!' 

'They brought it here on a mule and a wagon from the country when I was a little boy,' Land said.  

Land also attended the church for 56 years before he decided to leave after a run-in with the pastor over his singing. 

'Every time I would get up, the pastor would get up and make remarks when I sang and stuff. So, I just got my hat and I left,' he said.  
   
Ezell Land, who used to be a deacon at the church, said the Hamm Biggs' family literally founded the church. He said quite simply: 'It's not right!' 

Hamm Biggs' name is etched on the side of the church, but she says she's been scarred by the entire experience.  

She never expected to be thrown out of a church she loved. 

'I wanna get my church straight like it has been,' she said sadly.  

Hamm Biggs is receiving widespread support from people on social media. Many have taken to the church's Facebook page to voice their disgust at the church's actions. 

Shataphy Baugns wrote: 'This is a disgrace to all the children of God....The devil is what you serve @ this church bless the elder lady soul. I pray God keep her covered and give her strength from the hurt she felt with this ridiculous decision made by this pastor.' 

Scott Allen wrote: 'I have never heard of such an act in all my life. It's bad enough that non believer are attacking us believers, but to hear of this kind of action is shame.  

'Those who signed that mean letter should apologize and allow Miss Hamm Biggs back into the church. Make things right again. This is not your house, it is God's House.'

The Herald's picture editors showcase the best images from around the globe. The Herald's picture editors showcase the best images from around the globe. Follow us on Twitter @photosSMH. The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

Shalita Grant's Sonja Percy may have been an ATF agent before joining Pride's NCIS team, but to her teammates, she's still the NFG. Examiner.com had the chance to chat with the actress about what's coming up for Percy, "NCIS: New Orleans" season2, her dream "NCIS" crossover and more. 

Examiner.com: What do you like most about playing Percy in season 2 as a member of the team versus just working with the team like in season 1? 
 
Shalita Grant: "The relationships are a lot more specific. Also, there's a lot of probie jokes and ribbing, so she sort of comes in – even though she's ATF – she's not really in the position of the know-it-all whatever. LaSalle and Brody they give her a rough time, and she's all game for it. Also, the stunts are bigger because I have more show now so we have a lot more stunts and they're explosive and crazy and I get to do a lot of really cool stuff. It's a good time." 
 
Speaking of Percy as the probie, or NFG as they're calling her, how long is that going to last? Any more pranks like with her badge coming up? 
 
Yeah, there is. She's not new for only one episode. It's also Sonja too getting used to being on a team and having a boss. Pride and her relationship is getting more specific and she's getting used to having someone to report to, which she didn't really have before because she was doing these solo undercover missions and so she didn't have someone that she had to run things by every day. It was more of a check-in thing. And now she has a real boss, so she has to get used to that too. So everybody's getting used to everybody on the show, and LaSalle and Brody take full advantage of it for as long as they can. 
 
How long is the adjustment period going to be for Percy? 
 
It's long. The one that we're on now – we're on episode 8 – she's still having a tough time. Also her backstory, her past is coming up as well. Percy's very private, and so the fact that she is working on a team of people who feel like a family, she really has to get used to that. So a lot of the stuff from her past comes up, and she would prefer to deal with it her own way, which eventually becomes a problem. We'll see that work out too. It's an adjustment period. 
 
You mentioned that her backstory is coming up. Is there an episode number for that or is it over multiple episodes? 
 
There are a few episodes that her backstory kind of comes up. But we're going to see tomorrow night some of that. We're going to get introduced to some of what Percy has in her backyard, but definitely episode 4 and episode 6 are pretty heavy. You get a lot more information about Percy. 
 
What can you tease about tomorrow's episode and case? 
 
Well, I watched the preview and they didn't show what the crime is, but there is a Navy superstar who dies and we have to find out if this was a terrorist group, if this was an inside job and I think for Percy and also for LaSalle, it kind of hits home a little bit for them, so we'll get to see some Percy and LaSalle action, fighting some bad guys. 
 
So is Percy going to be partnered up with LaSalle mostly? 
 
We do kind of toss around a bit, but this episode is a lot of Percy and LaSalle. 
 
Percy worked undercover at ATF. Will we see that now that she's with NCIS, or is that not in the cards as she adjusts? 
 
Oh yeah, that definitely comes up. In the first episode, when Percy's old ATF boss came on, so there is definitely, Percy's relying on her prior work with that agency, and that definitely shows up in the season. …You might [see her undercover soon]. 
 
At the end of the premiere, Percy tells Pride that there's a bounty out on him. Can you tease anything about what's coming up with that or how often it will be brought up? 
 
What I can say is that from where I'm standing, I believe that Zed is a much crazier adversary than Baitfish. His network, the separatist militia, they hold a grudge, and it's worth watching. It's worth watching how they work out trying to get my boss. 
 
Does Percy think that this is a bigger deal than Pride does? 
 
I think what we saw at the end of the first episode – I think that Pride is a seasoned officer, right? So he knows that if someone puts a bounty out on a cop, that that's a pretty big deal and it's no small potatoes, like $2000. It's a $50,000 bounty. So, I think Pride knows that this is definitely a problem, but at the end of that scene, he just really wanted to celebrate opening up the bar. But Percy, being a younger agent, [to her] there's an immediacy there that Pride just doesn't have because he's been on the job for so long. So it does come up again and we will see Zed become a bigger problem and we'll see how Pride deals with it. 
 
CBS put up a sneak peek (above) of Percy having to clean the bar in the next episode. How often are we going to see them at the bar? Every episode? Every few episodes? 
 
I think you see the bar almost every episode. You get to see how he's coming along with it, the progress of getting the bar off the ground. But I'm excited about the bar. There's so many possibilities with Pride's bar, it's kind of crazy. 
 
That's where we'll bring in music too more, right? 
 
Yeah. I'm excited to see what the writers have for that space. So far, we're really just setting it up, just getting it off its feet. 
 
Can you tease any fun upcoming episodes? 
 
Episode 2 is really good and it's really touching, and I think for LaSalle too, we get to see a little bit more about what happened with the mermaid and we're going to talk a little bit about that too, so it's a good episode. I watched it when I was doing ADR, and I was really touched and excited too because the stunts, all the action that we have is really cool. What I can speak to is that the first six episodes have felt like an action movie. The crew, everybody, we're doing so much more in these episodes. It's crazy. I can't wait for you to see episode 6. That's crazy. It feels like an action film. It really does. 
 
The first season of the show had a few crossovers. Anyone from the other "NCIS" shows that you would like to work with? 
 
I've been such a big LL Cool J fan, and I thought it was cool – no pun intended – that he was on "NCIS: LA," so I would love if we did an NCIS: LA crossover. That would be pretty cool, and I think it would be awesome for Percy to work with LL's character. 
 
"NCIS: New Orleans" season 2 airs Tuesdays at 9 p.m. on CBS .

Jeremy shows us the scene at Brookline Avenue and Yawkey Way around 2 a.m., where gunfire sent two to the hospital and shattered windows at the Red Sox ticket office and Boston Beer Works. More photos.

Mexico's Foreign Affairs Ministry on Tuesday confirmed a total of eight Mexican tourists have died in an Egyptian military airstrike on their convoy.

"Six more Mexicans have been identified among the fatal victims of the attack perpetrated against a group of tourists Sunday in Egypt," the ministry said in a statement.

"Regrettably it has been confirmed that 8 Mexicans lost their lives in the tragic incident in Egypt," President Enrique Pena Nieto announced at the same time via Twitter.

At least six others were wounded.

Reina Torres, director of the ministry's department for protecting nationals abroad, said Monday the wounded were in "stable" conditions, and at least one of them would be released from hospital in the coming hours.

"Several of them suffered burns or have shrapnel from the bombs," Torres said in a radio interview.

Initially, two Mexican tourists were confirmed dead in what Egyptian officials described as a case of mistaken identity after military troops and police officers pursuing anti-government guerrillas shelled the four-vehicle convoy from the air.

The Western Desert, where the incident took place, has traditionally been a tourist attraction for its tall sand dunes and verdant oases. The area is currently a restricted zone off-limits to civilians, but the group's travel agency had secured the necessary permit.

"It's customary to grant permits for tourist visits" to the site, Mexico's Foreign Affairs Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu said at a press conference Monday.

The strike has also raised questions on targeting the convoy from the air as the passengers had reportedly stopped for a picnic-style meal.

Ruiz Massieu flew to Cairo late Monday, accompanied by families of the victims, personnel from the Health Ministry and police forensics experts, local daily La Jornada reported.

So far, only one of the fatal victims has been identified: Rafael Bejarano Rangel, a musician whose mother Marisela Rangel Davalos, one of the hospitalized, organized the visit to Egypt.

Rangel Davalos' sister, Araceli Rangel Davalos, has said similar trips to Egypt had been organized many times before, with the same guide and travel agency, and that there had never been a problem.

Four Egyptians, including guides and drivers, were also killed, and another two wounded, according to a spokesman for Egypt's Interior Ministry, Ayman Helmi.

Mexico's government Monday demanded Egypt launch a "swift and in-depth" investigation into the accidental strike.

Eygpt's embassy in Mexico said the government will establish an "investigative committee headed by the prime minister himself to resolve the case and publish the results," according to Mexico's ministry. Endit

Perez Hilton: This Video Of A Rat Dragging A Slice Of Pizza Down The Subway Stairs Is The Most New York Thing You'll Ever See!  —  This is SO New York.  —  A video taken Sunday night took the Internet by storm today, showing a rat drag a slice of pizza down the stairs of a subway station in New York City! + Discussion: TMZ.com – Discussion: TMZ.com:   Pizza Time Rat Drags Slice Into New York Subway

News Sources wrote an interesting post today on 
Here’s a quick excerpt 
 
FOREX-Dollar rises vs yen and Swiss franc as stocks stabiliseReuters UK(Releads, adds details). * Yen drops as European and Japanese stocks start week higher. * U.S. data fails to provide clarity on Fed rate-hike timing. * Speculators cut U.S. dollar longs to lowest in over a year -CFTC. By Anirban Nag. LONDON, Sept 7 …and more » 
 
Read the rest of this great post here

CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwired - Sept. 4, 2015) - 
 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS RESTRICTION MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF U.S. SECURITIES LAWS. 
 
Northern Spirit Resources Inc. (" Northern Spirit " or the " Corporation ") (TSX VENTURE:NS) is pleased to announce that it has closed a third and final tranche of
    the previously announced non-brokered private placement (" Private Placement "), issuing an aggregate of 6,755,555 common shares in the capital of the Corporation (" Common
    Shares ") at a price of $0.03375 per Common Share for total proceeds of approximately $0.23 million (the " Final Closing "). The securities issued pursuant to the Final
    Closing are subject to a four-month trade restriction which will expire January 5, 2016. 
  
As announced on August 4 and August 31, 2015, respectively, the Corporation previously closed the first two tranches of the Private Placement issuing an aggregate of (i) 620,479,701 Common Shares
  at a price of $0.03375 per Common Share and (ii) 102,239,526 Units at a price of $0.03375 per Unit, to the new management team (the " New Management Team ") and new board of
  directors together with other individuals and financial institutions identified by the New Management Team, for total proceeds of approximately $24.4 million. 
 
The combined proceeds of the three tranches of the Private Placement is approximately $24.6 million, providing the Corporation with an anticipated cash position of approximately $23.3 million net
  of transaction costs with no debt. 
 
The Private Placement remains subject to the final approval of the TSX Venture Exchange (the " TSXV "). The proceeds from the Private Placement will be used to continue the
  development of Northern Spirit's existing properties, to pursue organic growth initiatives, to fund potential acquisitions and for working capital. 
 
The Corporation announced on August 26, 2015 that it has set September 8, 2015 as the record date (the " Record Date ") for the previously announced rights offering (the
  " Rights Offering ") to the registered holders of Common Shares of the Corporation. Pursuant to the Rights Offering, each registered holder of Common Shares on the Record Date will
  receive one transferable right (a " Right ") for every Common Share held. Every nine Rights will entitle the holder to purchase one Common Share at a price of $0.03375 until the
  Rights expire at 4:00 p.m. (Calgary time) on October 8, 2015. There is no additional subscription privilege and no standby commitment in respect of the Rights Offering. The completion of the Rights
  Offering is not subject to the Corporation receiving any minimum amount of subscriptions from shareholders. Subscribers to the Private Placement are not eligible to participate in the Rights
  Offering. Accordingly, a maximum of approximately 38,837,110 million Common Shares are issuable pursuant to the Rights Offering for maximum aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $1.31 million. 
 
Following the Final Closing but not including the anticipated Rights Offering, the Corporation has approximately 1,079.0 million Common Shares outstanding (basic) and 1,246.0 million Common Shares
  outstanding (fully diluted). It is anticipated that the shareholders of Northern Spirit will be asked to approve a change of the Corporation's name to "Altura Energy Inc.", and to approve a
  consolidation of the Common Shares of the Corporation at a special meeting to be held in conjunction with other corporate business on September 30, 2015. 
 
 About Northern Spirit Resources Inc.  
 
Northern Spirit Resources Inc. is a public oil and gas Corporation active in the exploration and development of oil and natural gas in east central Alberta. 
 
 Forward-Looking Cautionary Statements  
 
The reader is advised that some of the information contained herein may constitute forward looking statements within the meaning assigned by National Instrument 51-102 and other relevant securities
  legislation. It includes, but is not limited to, statements with respect to: the use of proceeds of the Private Placement; the proposed name change of Northern Spirit; the growth strategy proposed
  by the New Management Team; and the ability to obtain the final approval of the TSXV in respect of the Private Placement. Forward-looking information is frequently characterized by words such as
  "plan", "expect", "project", "intend", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate", "scheduled", "potential", or other similar words, or statements that certain events or conditions "may", "should" or
  "could" occur. 
 
Forward-looking information is based on the Corporation's expectations regarding its future growth, results of operations, production, future capital and other expenditures (including the amount,
  nature and sources of funding thereof), competitive advantages, plans for and results of drilling activity, environmental matters, business prospects and opportunities. Such forward-looking
  information reflects management's current beliefs and assumptions and is based on information currently available to it. 
 
The reader is cautioned that assumptions used in the preparation of such information, although considered reasonable by the Corporation at the time of preparation, may prove to be incorrect and
  readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information, which speaks only as of the date hereof. The Corporation does not undertake any obligation to release publicly any
  revisions to forward-looking information contained herein to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be
  required under applicable securities laws. 
 
Any number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, shareholder, regulatory and third party
  approvals not being obtained in the manner or timing set forth in the Corporation's reorganization and investment agreement dated July 6, 2015, the ability to implement corporate strategies, the
  state of domestic capital markets, the ability to obtain financing, changes in general market conditions and other factors more fully described from time to time in the reports and filings made by
  Northern Spirit with securities regulatory authorities. 
 
 Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or
  accuracy of this release.

Albany, NY -- (SBWIRE) -- 09/14/2015 -- The report contains a detailed description of the power generation companys business operations history corporate strategy and business structure. This report contains a detailed SWOT analysis information on key employees (executives) and major products and services.

It seems Microsoft has enough of leaks of its upcoming flagships Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL and decided to join everyone with its own set of leaks. So, UK Microsoft Store has listed both Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL in its list of “Windows 10 Ready Phones”. The listing confirms major specifications like display, Camera, storage, MicroSD card support. The image links also confirm the codenames Lumia Cityman for Lumia 950 XL and Lumia Talkman for Lumia 950. You can read all about Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL at our dedicated pages. [Lumia 950 Page] [Lumia 950 XL page] We have also posted comparisons between Lumia 950 / 950 XL and latest iPhone 6S and 6S Plus and also between Lumia 950 / 950 XL and Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P that gives you a good idea about how four devices compare to each other in terms of specifications, feature and price. Thanks for the tips everyone!! Source Related

Amid growing speculation over the North’s fourth nuclear test, the US-based Institute for Science and global Security says that a new facility under construction at the Yongbyon complex appears to be designed to separate isotopes from spent fuel that can be used to produce powerful nuclear weapons. Pardon our skepticism, but we concur with the widely held view that it’s a test of an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of hitting the USA mainland. 
 

 
 
 
North Korea has a particularly bad reputation in the world, but the North Koreans are oblivious of that fact. 
 
Rice said China is “a fulcrum of influence” for the North, referring to Beijing’s status as the main provider of economic assistance and diplomatic support for Pyongyang . 
 
The summit comes as tensions on the Korean Peninsula flare anew after the North strongly hinted it would conduct a banned long-range rocket launch, possibly around next month’s ruling party anniversary. 
 
In a typically bellicose statement on Tuesday , the head of the country’s atomic energy agency warned that Pyongyang was ready to deploy nuclear weapons against the U.S.at “any time” if it didn’t desist with its “reckless hostile policy”. 
 
The AEI director said scientists had been “steadily improving” both the quality and quantity of the North’s nuclear deterrent and he issued a by-now standard warning to the US. 
 
“North Korea’s missile programs and provocative actions necessitate a firm response from the worldwide community”, the 26-nation alliance said in a statement. 
 
“Any intention or attempt to disrupt peace of the Korean Peninsula and security in Northeast Asia is unjustified and undesirable”, Wang said at a forum in the Chinese capital, where representation from North Korea was conspicuous by its absence. 
 
“Our assessment is that they have the ability to put a nuclear weapon on a KN-08 and shoot it at the [U.S.] homeland”, said Navy Adm. Bill Gortney, commander of North American Aerospace Defense Command, in a briefing with reporters in April 2014. 
 
In December 2012, North Korea launched a three-stage rocket that placed a crude satellite into orbit. 
 
“And, we never shy away from pressing our concerns”, Rice said. 
 
The secretive nation has previously ruled out an Iran-style deal to shut down its nuclear program, apparently concluding that it has more to gain from developing more nuclear warheads and longer-range missiles. 
 
China is presumed to have provided North Korea with around 500,000 tons of crude oil so far this year, a similar amount that Beijing offered to its traditional ally last year, despite their apparently strained ties, the Unification Ministry said Thursday. 
 
North Korea has said it guarantees “true freedom and rights” to its people, but defectors in South Korea have refuted such claims. He added the underwater launch test was closely related to the development of a missile-firing submarine and represented “a first step in achieving a very serious and risky new military capability”. 
 

 
Amb. Sung Kim special representative for North Korea policy

CHARLOTTE, NC (WBTV) - 

A 7-year-old girl was shot and killed Saturday night on Fieldvale Place in southwest Charlotte. Three others were injured in the incident which happened just before 9 p.m. 

WBTV has learned that the shots were fired near a child's birthday party. The 7-year-old and other children were picking up candy from a pinata when someone opened fire from across the street.

Police were called to the 6800 block of Fieldvale Place Saturday night after multiple calls about shots fired in the area. Officers arriving at the scene were flagged down by family members of the girl suffering from an apparent gunshot wound.

The victim was taken to the hospital by Medic and was pronounced dead at Carolinas Medical Center.

Police say Medic treated three other victims for non-life-threatening injuries at the scene, including two adults and one juvenile.

Police canvassed the area Saturday night for witnesses.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call 704-432-TIPS and speak directly to a detective, or call Crime Stoppers at 704-334-1600, or visit the Crime Stoppers mobile website.

Search the term "cut crease" on YouTube and you'll find hundreds of tutorials on the eye makeup look. Just as the name describes, it's a technique used to define the crease by "cutting" across it with a contrasting eyeshadow color and little to no blending. 
 
"If done right, a cut crease will change your makeup game if you have a medium to heavy fold. It lifts your eyes and makes them appear more open," says makeup artist and YouTuber Sona Gasparian . "You instantly lift your eyelids with this technique. And what's great about it is that you can go super soft or really dramatic depending on your mood." 
 
If you're new to the technique, she says a good tip is to keep the intensity on the outer corner of the eyes. 
 
"Start slow and build the intensity to achieve the most natural look," she says. "The best way is to keep your eyes open when placing your cut crease. Look straight in the mirror and place a line where you want your new fold to appear, and start to build the shadow over the line blending upward." 
 
Gasparian says she likes to keep her makeup looks natural, so she blends her cut crease a little more than usual and demonstrates it in her Taylor Swift Bad Blood Makeup Tutorial below: 
 [embedded content]  
If you're looking for more intensity, check out this version by YouTuber ChrisppyMakeup : 

[embedded content]  
Here's another by YouTuber Lauren Curtis that shows the cut crease at it's most basic level: 

[embedded content]  
See more of what's trending on our new Lipstick Index: 

 
 Photo by YouTuber MakeupbyAlli

15 de septiembre de 2015,   15:52 Rome, 15 Sep (Prensa Latina) Argentinian super star Diego Maradona has trashed the idea of UEFA President Michel Platini succeeding Sepp Blatter as new FIFA president. 
 Argentinian football legend Maradona suggests Platini is every bit as corrupt as the disgraced, outgoing Blatter.  He has also suggested he'll stand by the side of another candidate come election time. 
During an appearance on Naples television station PiuEnne  Maradona made it clear he considers voting for Platini as merely a vote to continue the same culture of corruption that has recently defined football's governing body: "Blatter did a lot of harm to football and with Platini, it's a farce. They pretend to be separated, one at FIFA and the other at UEFA, while in fact they were always side by side." 

Maradona didn't stop there. He stressed that Platini is no different than Blatter and that the Frenchman is the wrong man to introduce much needed change at the top of the sport: "If we want a transparent FIFA, we cannot vote for Platini who has been close to Blatter, who taught him how to steal." 

The controversial former World Cup winner revealed he will back Prince Ali of Jordan for the presidency.    Maradona even intends to work alongside Ali should the Prince win: "If he should win the election, I will be at his side as vice-president." 

sgl/ro/lp

This Labor Day weekend I devoted some time to my 2002 E39 M5. I changed the oil, the cabin air filters and I gave the car a general checkup. 
 
I’m fortunate to have access to a lift, and took advantage of that to inspect the suspension and other areas under the car. Bavarian Auto has an excellent three part video that tells you exactly what to look for — here’s one of the episodes: 
 

 
Thankfully the M5 looks to be in great shape. There was no play in any of the suspension  areas  as described in the video. A previous owner installed a Bilstein PSS9 coilover suspension about 10,000 miles prior to me purchasing the car in 2011, so I expected those parts to be in good order. I have also replaced both the front and the rear control arms. 
 
As BMWs age there is a list of maintenance items you need to keep track of to keep your car performing as it should. Well-known BMW tech advisor Mike Miller has compiled a list of such items in his “Old School” maintenance guide. It’s another valuable and free resource available to anyone who emails Mike — click here to request your copy. 
 
The car now has just over 90,000 miles, and its reassuring that it passed this checkup with flying colors. It’s even better being able to determine that for myself, using online resources like the BavAuto videos. 
 
Filters old and new 
 
Priming the oil canister 
 
Cabin filter driver side 
 
Front rotor 
 
Rear suspension 
 Leave Blank: Do Not Change: 
Your email: 


  
 
The post E39 M5 Fall Checkup appeared first on chrisparente.com .

This week’s cool, crisp mornings have reminded me that apples are officially in season in North Carolina, with the harvest continuing through October. 
  
North Carolina is the seventh largest apple-producing state in the nation. The state’s apple crop is mostly grown in four regions around Cleveland, Haywood, Henderson and Wilkes counties, according to the N.C. Department of Agriculture. 
      
Growing up in Asheville, I have fond memories of apple picking in Henderson County, the largest apple-producing county in the state. 
 
Each fall, my family took the short drive to Stepp’s Hillcrest Orchard, a fourth generation working farm just northeast of Hendersonville. The Stepp family has been inviting guests to pick their own apples for 45 years at its “U-Pick Apple Orchard.” 
 
A not-so-fond memory from my childhood involves the crabapple, the only native North American apple variety. A large crabapple tree in our backyard frequently shed the small, sour fruit across our yard. Perhaps the most dreaded of our chores, my brother and I were responsible for picking up the often-rotten crabapples scattered in the grass before my parents mowed the lawn or hosted a backyard party. 
 
There are plenty of apple orchards to visit in Wilkes County this fall. To see a list, visit www.visitwilkesboronc.com/explore/attractions/orchards . 
 
Even if you can’t make it to an apple-picking orchard, there are plenty of other ways to savor fall’s sweetest flavor in the coming weeks. 
 
Just around the corner, the Brushy Mountain Apple Festival will be Oct. 3 in downtown North Wilkesboro. From 8 a.m.-5 p.m., you can enjoy mountain heritage exhibits, music, crafts and food—including, of course, a bounty of apple products. 
 
Below are a few recipes (two sweet, one savory) that highlight the fruit. 
 
Apple crumb pie 
 
2/3 cup sugar 
 
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour 
 
3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon 
 
6-8 apples, pared, cored and sliced (6 cups) 
 
1 9-inch unbaked pastry shell 
 
1/2 cup all-purpose flour 
 
1/4 cup sugar 
 
1/4 cup cold butter 
 
Combine first 3 ingredients; stir into apples. Turn apple mixture into pastry shell. Combine remaining flour and sugar, and cut in butter until crumbly. Sprinkle over apples. Bake at 400 degrees for 45 to 50 minutes or until done. If pie shell browns too quickly, cover the edge with foil. 
 
Apple cheddar sage frittata 
 
8 eggs 
 
1 tablespoon milk or cream 
 
1 tablespoon butter 
 
2 shallots, thinly sliced 
 
4 ounces pancetta (or bacon) finely diced 
 
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon 
 
1 red apple, cored and diced 
 
4 ounces cheddar cheese, in small cubes 
 
1 tablespoon sage, finely chopped, plus extra whole leaves for topping 
 
Salt and pepper to taste 
 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees 
 
In a bowl, beat eggs with milk, salt and pepper. Set aside. 
 
Heat a cast iron skillet on medium heat. Melt butter and add shallots, cook for 2 minutes. Add pancetta and cook another 2 minutes. Add diced apple. Cover skillet and cook until apples begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add cinnamon and stir to combine. Spread shallot, apple and pancetta mixture evenly throughout skillet. Add egg mixture. Cover and cook without disturbing 6 minutes or until edges begin to set. Sprinkle with chopped sage and diced cheddar. 
 
Transfer skillet to oven and bake 7-9 minutes so the eggs can finish setting. Serve directly from skillet. Serves 6-8. 
 
Italian apple torta (torta di mele) 
 
1 cup butter 
 
4 golden delicious apples 
 
2 1/4 cups flour 
 
1 tablespoon baking powder 
 
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon 
 
1/2 teaspoon salt 
 
4  large eggs 
 
1 teaspoon vanilla extract 
 
1 cup sugar 
 
1 tablespoon amaretto liqueur 
 
1/2 teaspoon lemon zest 
 
4 tablespoons butter, melted 
 
3 tablespoons sugar 
 
Whisk together flour, baking powder, salt and cinnamon and set aside. 
 
In a large mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat at medium speed for 3 minutes until mixture is pale yellow in color, creamy and thick. Turn speed down and gradually add flour mixture. Add lemon zest, vanilla and amaretto until blended; increase speed to medium for 2 more minutes. 
 
Peel, quarter, core and slice apples into 1/2-inch-wide slices. Cut half of the apple slices into small chunks and fold them into batter. 
 
Pour batter into a buttered and floured 9-inch springform pan. Arrange remaining apples slices, core side down, on top of the batter in circles over the entire surface with edges slightly overlapping. The apple arrangement should resemble a flower in full bloom. 
 
Brush apples and batter with melted butter and generously sprinkle with the remaining 3 tablespoons sugar. 
 
Place in center of oven and bake at 350 degrees for 70-90 minutes, until cake pulls away from sides of pan and the top of the cake is golden brown. 
 
Remove from oven and allow to cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes, then remove sides of the springform pan and cool cake completely. 
 
Dust powdered sugar with cinnamon all over the cake.

The Harrison County Sheriff's Department Street Crime and Drug Unit (SCAD) arrested a couple on a variety of drug charges Wednesday.

Candy Whaley, 45, and Ivan "Bub" Whaley, 44, are charged with delivery of synthetic marijuana, possession with intent to distribute synthetic marijuana, conspiracy to deliver synthetic marijuana and possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance - Tramadol.

The Whaley's were arrested after the SCAD Unit executed a search warrant at their residence on Hutinson Hollow Road in Mount Clare Wednesday evening. During the search, SCAD Deputies located more than 60 grams of synthetic marijuana, packaging materials and weighing scales. Deputies also found 90 Tramadol pills packaged for sale.

The Whaley's were were arraigned by Harrison County Magistrate Tammy Marple, who set their bonds at $90,000 each. The Whaley's are still in the North Central Regional Jail.

'The Intern' image courtesy of Warner Bros. Nancy Meyers's The Intern offered a solid showing on Friday, earning $6.22 million and paving the way for a likely over/under $18m weekend. The $35m comedy stars Robert De Niro and Anne Hathaway as (respectively) a 70-year old retired widower who to takes an internship at [...]

 A gorgeous night -- so after dinner we headed to the playground. Ella and Eve getting in some chin ups on the ropes. More chin ups.  This girl is training!

Emma Willis revealed tonight which two housemates out of Gail, Janice, Scoop and Stevi and Chloe-Jasmine were to be leaving the Big Brother House in a double eviction. 
 
But before that announcement was made, the show began with highlights of Stevi jumping into a bath in his bright green mankini and a blonde wig, typically. 
  
Take the bloody wig off man #CBB  #CelebrityBigBrother  pic.twitter.com/QFvk6l9PNE 
 
— Auntie Pegg (@AuntiePegg) September 15, 2015 
 
Big Brother gave the housemates some drinks for the night and Chloe-Jasmine rushed into the storage room to take some alcohol for Stevi and Bobby. 
 
This angered Austin saying:  “it’s just ironic that the other day you couldn’t get out of bed because you couldn’t be around alcohol and now you are running to the fridge to grab booze for him.” 
  
Oooooops calm down #cbbaustin  #cbb  #CelebrityBigBrother  pic.twitter.com/FR4EnAL6qU 
 
— Auntie Pegg (@AuntiePegg) September 15, 2015 
 
Chloe-Jasmine responded by crying, obviously. 
 
Bobby tried to calm Austin down and Austin swore at him. It was all very awkward. 
  
Where's Jeremy Kyle with an intervention when you need him #CBB  #cbbuk 
 
— AISLEYNE (@Aisleyne1) September 15, 2015 
 
Anyway…back to the point. 
 
The first eviction of the night saw Scoop say bye-bye and take his top off. It got very weird very quickly. 
  
Scoop is out! RT if you're happy, favourite if you're sad. #CBB  pic.twitter.com/bZ1dovjbUX 
 
— Big Brother UK (CBB) (@Bbuk_ukvsusa) September 15, 2015 
 
His highlights reminded us of how he tried to (barely) keep up a reputation as peacemaker in the house, and this Twitter user made a really brilliant/hilarious point about his tiff with Natasha. 
  
when Scoop was shouting listen at Natasha, I actually thought he was singing #CBB  #CBBUK 
 
— Vladimir Raul (@EmperorMendoza) September 15, 2015 
 
The second to go was Gail which revealed a very troubling reality for Twitter. Katie Hopkins had actually been right about something. 
  
@KTHopkins  @TheSun  @TheSunTV No. I'd rather have my finger & toe nails removed by a pliers!! 
 
— Anonyman (@MensTroubles) September 15, 2015 
  
One for all of @KTHopkins doubters: Katie has correctly predicted the General Election, Labour Leadership Race and tonight's #CBB Eviction. 
 
— Kathryn (@Kathryn0291) September 15, 2015 
 
She also predictably tweeted a rather rude comment about the former housemate. Sigh. 
  
Say bye bye Gail. You have let being bald determine who you are #CBB 
 
— Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) September 15, 2015 
   
 Share article  
    
Is a world where Katie Hopkins is right really worth living in? We don’t know.

Around 20 people were evacuated from their homes after an "apocalyptic" fire broke out in a market town. 

Fire crews rescued several people trapped inside a flat as a blaze erupted in Sudbury in Suffolk this evening. 

The fire broke out in a nail salon and then locals said they heard an explosion and it quickly spread to adjoining shops and the flats upstairs. 

Hundreds of people spilled on to the street below as flames ripped through the old building and thick, black smoke billowed into the sky. 

Families, some with small children and in tears, were evacuated from their homes and given blankets by ambulance crews. 

Sarah Pheby, 28, an administrator whose flat is across the street, said: "The fire looks apocalyptic. 

"I could feel the heat of the flames on my face when I looked at it through the window, and that was through my double glazing. 

"The first floor of the building has collapsed, it is just a shell now. The roof has gone. 

"It started in Celebrity Nails, which isn't a particularly big shop. Then there was an explosion and it just spread incredibly quickly." 

She said firefighters in cherry pickers were sent up to people trapped in the flats above. 

She said: "There was someone in the top floor, I hope they got out OK. I could see them in the top floor window, the firefighters went up there." 

Around 15 fire engines and dozens of crew rushed to the town centre to tackle the blaze, which they have been battling for hours. 

Police were called at 6.25pm to help and at 7pm a full evacuation of the area was launched. 

Luke Cresswell, a teaching assistant and local councillor, said: "I saw around 20 people being evacuated. They were given covers and looked really upset. 

"There were families including children. They looked really shaken up, some of them were crying. A couple of the young girls only looked around five or six years-old and were very upset. 

"They were given blankets and taken to the side by an ambulance where they were being looked after." 

Others were trapped inside a flat and had to be rescued. 

Cllr Cresswell, 27, said: "You could see them come out with firemen and women. 

"The fire is huge and proper black. I kept thinking it had died down but it flared up again. The fire is literally right in the middle of the town centre."

British fashion brand Wool and the Gang is hosting a series “knit party” in Chicago and I'm giving away two tickets to one lucky reader. These events, located at some great locales around the city are a great way to learn how to make a project. Purchase tickets here.
Wednesday, October 7th, 7:00 pm – The Map Room – making a snood/scarf
Sunday, October 19th, 2:00 pm – Quenchers – making a snood/scarf
Tuesday, October 20th, 7:00 pm – Beermiscious – making a pom pom hat
Wednesday, November 4th, 7:00 pm – The Map Room – making a snood/scarf
All you have to do is:
1. Like the below photo
2. Follow @TresAwesome on Instagram
WIN 2 FREE TIX TO THE @woolandthegang CHICAGO WORKSHOPS  All you have to do is: 1. Like this photo 2. Follow Trés Awesome on Instagram Times and locations Oct 7th, 7 pm – The Map Room – snood/scarf Oct 19th, 2 pm – Quenchers – snood/scarf Oct 20th, 7 pm – Beermiscious – pom pom hat Nov 4th, 7 pm – The Map Room – snood/scarf The winner will be chosen randomly. Good luck chickadees! A photo posted by Très Awesome (@tresawesome) on Sep 30, 2015 at 10:18am PDT

Harsco (NYSE:HSC) is one of today's biggest movers, down 2.2% to $10.11.  The S&P is trading fractionally higher to 1,960 and the Dow is trading 0.3% higher to 16,43

SOURCE The Channel Company

The Combined Entity is now the Dominant Channel Marketing Automation Platform Provider

WESTBOROUGH 

The SharedVue Through Partner Marketing Automation platform provides Web content syndication, automated email marketing and social media syndication. Zift Solutions will control and run the combined entity, while The Channel Company will retain an ownership stake in Zift Solutions. The Channel Company will continue to own and operate all of its other properties including CRN®, XChange® Events, IPED® and Managed Marketing Services.

"The addition of SharedVue continues Zift Solutions' growth trajectory and will allow us to deliver on the next wave of channel marketing automation capabilities," said Ken Romley 

The new entity creates the most experienced and largest Channel Marketing Automation platform provider with more than 30,000 partner users around the globe. Zift Solutions will incorporate the core capabilities of SharedVue into its well-established platform. SharedVue personnel will transition to become Zift Solutions employees this week, while the SharedVue brand and solutions will be consolidated into Zift Solutions over time, increasing Zift Solutions' reach, effectiveness and customer service on a global basis. Zift Solutions' R&D team also will effectively double in size, allowing the company to deliver the advanced features and functionality that channel sales and marketers require at an even faster pace. As the channel community's trusted authority for growth and innovation, The Channel Company will work with Zift Solutions to integrate SharedVue functionality and promote the enhanced Zift Solutions platform moving forward.

"We are excited about the future capability of the combined SharedVue and Zift Solutions platform," said Robert Faletra 

"The race to provide channel marketers with the automation tools they need to create demand is heating up," said SiriusDecisions' Laz Gonzalez 

Learn more about the combined entity and read our Frequently Asked Questions.

About Zift Solutions

Zift Solutions increases channel sales and boosts marketing impact with a superior technology platform, a complete channel marketing success framework and global customer care. Leading channel-driven organizations around the world leverage Zift Solutions' cloud-based platform to automate co-branded marketing, empower collaborative selling and measure results with powerful analytics. To learn more, join the conversation via the blog Channel Chatter and follow us on Twitter @zift.

About The Channel Company

The Channel Company, with established brands including CRN®, XChange® Events and IPED®, is the channel community's trusted authority for growth and innovation. For more than three decades, we have leveraged our proven and leading-edge platforms to deliver prescriptive sales and marketing solutions for the technology channel. The Channel Company provides Communication, Recruitment, Engagement, Enablement, Demand Generation and Intelligence services to drive technology partnerships. Learn more at www.thechannelcompany.com and follow us on Twitter @TheChannelCo.

Zift Solutions Press Contact:

David Buffaloe 

The Channel Company Press Contact:

Kim Sparks 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zift-solutions-and-partner-marketing-provider-sharedvue-join-forces-300137680.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

MUSIC lovers have been spoilt for choice this weekend as Worcester Music Festival continues to take over city venues. 
 
Bands from across the country have been performing at pubs, in the city centre and at events as the three day event comes to a close today. 
 
But there is still time to catch great live music throughout the city as well as raise money for West Mercia Rape and Sexual Abuse Support which has a stall in CrownGate today. 
   
 Share article  
   
Owen Copson, a student at Christopher Whitehead Language College, sent in this video of him playing the piano left by Clik Clik Collective in Angel Place and Broad Street. 
 
For a full programme of events and times log on to worcestermusicfestival.co.uk.

God bless and keep you always 
May your wishes all come true
May you always do for others 
And let others do for you
May you build a ladder to the stars 
And climb on every rung
May you stay forever young
May you grow up to be righteous 
May you grow up to be true
May you always know the truth 
And see the lights surrounding you
May you always be courageous 
Stand upright and be strong
May you stay forever young

May your hands always be busy 
May your feet always be swift
May you have a strong foundation 
When the winds of changes shift
May your heart always be joyful 
And may your song always be sung
May you stay forever young

STORY BY LAUREN VELASCO As a new election cycle kicks into full gear, Drake professor and alum Jennifer Glover Konfrst is beginning her political campaign to be District 43’s Representative in the Iowa House. Konfrst would represent the cities of Clive, West Des Moines, and Windsor Heights. Konfrst is also a professor in public relations and political advocacy. When it comes to having two different jobs, she knows how to keep them separate from one another. “I see myself as wearing two separate hats. These paths are parallel but are never crossing,” Konfrst said. Although Konfrst is a novice to the campaigning process, she is familiar with policy and legislation. Aside from teaching political advocacy, Konfrst has also worked for the US Senate. Konfrst’s political background makes her no stranger to Iowa District 43 either. She has several ideas that she hopes to implement if she is elected. “I feel like this is a time when my skills in public service are needed to bring people together and not keep dividing them,” Konfrst said. One of Konfrst’s main focuses is on the public education system in Des Moines. The low funding for public education and mental health programs provides a challenging but necessary goal for Konfrst. “It is very important to me that public education and mental health programs are funded in Iowa because everyone deserves to be treated well by the state,” Konfrst said. Konfrst has an important group of people helping her throughout her campaign. One notable volunteer is Drake PR alum Taylor Larson. “Before attending Drake, I had no background in politics. But by living in Des Moines, you just get immersed in the political atmosphere,” Larson said. Larson is currently a first-year law student and hopes to someday work in policy and legislation. After graduating from Drake as an undergraduate in public relations she has always stayed close to Konfrst. “(Konfrst) would be a great representative. I know she is listening (to her district) and she would be a great person for the job,” Larson said. “She would do everything in her power to let people know what’s going on.” State Senator of Iowa Janet Peterson is also one of Konfrst’s supporters for the election process. She endorsed Konfrst’s campaign and will volunteer for her as well. Peterson has served in the Iowa Legislature for 15 years total, as a representative and as a senator. “I love it when I see great people make a decision to run for public office. That’s why I was thrilled to see my friend Jennifer Konfrst announce her run for the Iowa House,” Peterson said.“She’s smart and successful. She shares our Democratic values and she knows how to get things done,” Konfrst and her outside team of supporters and volunteers will work towards getting a primary election, which will take place in June of 2016, followed by the general election in November of 2016. In the meantime, Konfrst will continue to advocate her goals for District 43. “When I make changes, I want to make sure people are represented fairly and all voices are heard equally.”

LUDHIANA: Guru Nanak Institute of Management and Technology (GNIMT), Ludhiana, on Tuesday, organised a seminar on Bootstrap Framework for the students of MCA and BSc under the aegis of the students’ chapter of Indian Society of Technical Education...

Lewis Hamilton took his fortieth victory of his Formula 1 career at the Autodromo Nazionale Monza to extend his championship lead to 53 points as his Mercedes AMG PETRONAS team-mate and closest rival Nico Rosberg was forced to retire with two laps remaining due to an engine failure. 
 
However the race win was in doubt when the stewards announced they were investigation both Hamilton and Rosberg for having under-inflated tyres pre-race, with the race winner running 0.3psi below Pirelli ’s 19.5psi guidelines. 
 
However after the investigation, the stewards decided to take no action, and having controlled the race from the start, Hamilton was able to take home the twenty-five points on offer, winning the race by 25.042s from Scuderia Ferrari’ s Sebastian Vettel . 
 
Vettel drove a relatively lonely race after jumping ahead of team-mate Kimi Raikkonen at the start as the Finn made a mess of his getaway, dropping from second on the grid to the rear of the field, but fought back superbly to take fifth at the chequered flag. 
 
Completing the podium was former Ferrari driver Felipe Massa , who held off the late advances of Williams Martini Racing team-mate Valtteri Bottas , but both inherited their places when Rosberg’s engine expired while running third and catching Vettel. 
 
Behind Raikkonen in fifth was Sergio Perez of the Sahara Force India team, who consolidated his Spa-Francorchamps form from two weeks ago to claim sixth, just ahead of team-mate Nico Hulkenberg , while Daniel Ricciardo climbed from the back of the field to finish eighth for Infiniti Red Bull Racing . 
 
Marcus Ericsson secured his third points finish in as many races with a good drive in his Sauber to ninth, with the second Red Bull of Daniil Kvyat completing the top ten. 
 
The Scuderia Toro Rosso ’s missed out on points after their engine chances, with Carlos Sainz Jr eleventh and Max Verstappen , including taking his drive-through penalty at the end of the opening lap, twelfth, while the second Sauber of Felipe Nasr was thirteenth after a pit stop on the opening lap to change his front wing. 
 
Jenson Button was the sole McLaren-Honda to see the chequered flag in fourteenth having run inside the top ten in the opening couple of laps after a good start, but team-mate Fernando Alonso was a late casualty, retiring with three laps remaining with an electrical issue. 
 
The two Manor F1 Team drivers both saw the chequered flag, with Will Stevens ahead of Roberto Merhi , while both Lotus F1 Team drivers were out by the end of the second lap with un-repairable damage to their E23 Hybrids. 
 Monza Race Result     POS NO. DRIVER NAT TEAM TIME/LAPS      1 44 Lewis Hamilton GBR Mercedes 1hr18.00.688s    2 5 Sebastian Vettel GER Ferrari +25.042s    3 19 Felipe Massa BRZ Williams-Mercedes +47.635s    4 77 Valtteri Bottas FIN Williams-Mercedes +47.996s    5 7 Kimi Raikkonen FIN Ferrari +1m08.860s    6 11 Sergio Perez MEX Force India-Mercedes +1m12.783s    7 27 Nico Hulkenberg GER Force India-Mercedes +1 Lap    8 3 Daniel Ricciardo AUS Red Bull-Renault +1 Lap    9 9 Marcus Ericsson SWE Sauber-Ferrari +1 Lap    10 26 Daniil Kvyat RUS Red Bull-Renault +1 Lap    11 55 Carlos Sainz Jr ESP Toro Rosso-Renault +1 Lap    12 33 Max Verstappen NED Toro Rosso-Renault +1 Lap    13 12 Felipe Nasr BRZ Sauber-Ferrari +1 Lap    14 22 Jenson Button GBR McLaren-Honda +1 Lap    15 28 Will Stevens GBR Manor-Ferrari +2 Laps    16 98 Roberto Merhi ESP Manor-Ferrari +2 Laps    17/RET 6 Nico Rosberg GER Mercedes +3 Laps    18/RET 14 Fernando Alonso ESP McLaren-Honda +4 Laps    RET 8 Romain Grosjean FRA Lotus-Mercedes Retired    RET 13 Pastor Maldonado VEN Lotus-Mercedes Retired      
View the original post at Hamilton wins at Monza despite FIA tyre investigation

A small study is making big headlines, as the results suggest a possible link between specialized medical procedures and a precursor to what is believed to be Alzheimer’s-related proteins.

The study, published in the scientific journal 

 Read more trending stories 

CJD is caused by an infectious protein known as a prion. One theory suggests that Alzheimer's disease may also be triggered by proteins that have gone rogue.

The presence of plaque in patients aged 36 to 51 is rare, and scientists involved in the study suspect that seeds of the amyloid protein may have transferred to the patients from the hGH injections they received, according to Nature.

If the results prove to be true after further study, it could have major implications in the surgical room. Specialized surgical tools and equipment might be required to undergo expensive decontamination procedures.

But skeptics warn that the study's sample size of just eight subjects is too small to draw any solid conclusions. Health experts encourage everyone to continue undergoing any medical procedures they've been advised to have.

Alzheimer's disease and related dementias affect approximately 47 million people worldwide, according to the Alzheimer's Association.

Alzheimer's most often begins in people over 65, although about 5 percent of cases are early-onset Alzheimer's.

For more information, read the study FAQ published by The Washington Post.

Wayfair CEO Niraj Shah to Present at Goldman Sachs 22 nd Annual Global Retailing Conference  
 
 Wayfair (NYSE:W), one of the world’s largest online destinations for home 
      furnishings and décor, announced that Niraj Shah, CEO, co-founder and 
      co-chairman, will present at the Goldman Sachs 22 nd Annual 
      Global Retailing Conference on Thursday, September 10 at 1:40 p.m. The 
      conference is taking place at the Plaza Hotel, New York, NY. 
 
A live webcast of the presentation will be available at investor.wayfair.com . 
 
 About Wayfair  
 
Wayfair Inc. offers an extensive selection of home furnishings and décor 
      across all styles and price points. The Wayfair family of brands 
      includes: 
 Wayfair.com, an online destination for all things home  Joss & Main, an online flash sales site offering inspiring home design 
        daily  AllModern, a go-to online source for modern design  DwellStudio, a design house for fashion-forward modern furnishings  Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor  
Wayfair is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, with additional 
      locations in New York, Ogden, Utah, Hebron, Kentucky, Galway, Ireland, 
      London, Berlin and Sydney. 
 

 
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150904005349/en/ 
 
Wayfair 
Media Relations Contact: 
Jane Carpenter, 
      617-502-7595 
PR@wayfair.com 
or 
Investor 
      Relations Contact: 
Kate Gulliver, 617-880-8108 
IR@wayfair.com

(BPT) - With college football season upon us, there’s no better way to enjoy time with family and friends than getting together to cheer on your favorite team. This year, with rising ticket, concession and travel costs, why not gather your friends and family together for a private “staygating” party in your own living room? Here are five tips to hosting the ultimate staygate this fall to do game day right. 
  
* Pick your game day early! Do you have a favorite rivalry game? Is there a certain Saturday that promises lots of good conference showdowns? Plan now and let your friends and family know you’ll be hosting an all-day staygate so you can get a full house and an accurate headcount. Email invites make it easy to get an accurate headcount, especially if your staygating party is a larger affair. They are also more environmentally friendly, and best of all, free! 
 
* Impress your guests by watching the game on an amazing television — like the OLED 4K TV s from LG, which allow your fans to experience each moment with the best picture quality on the market. OLED technology delivers a breathtaking picture with perfect blacks and amazing color, even at wide viewing angles — so every seat in the house feels like the 50-yard line. 
 
* Create a stadium atmosphere to set the stage for game day. Easily set up a Wi-Fi and Bluetooth-capable multi-room speaker system, like LG’s Music Flow , to play a game day soundtrack featuring your team’s fight song and popular in-game anthems to get your crowd pumped up before kickoff and keep them energized throughout the game. Just use your smartphone to stream your playlist from your favorite service via the Music Flow Player App to get the party started. By adding a Music Flow sound bar and surround system, it will enhance the viewing experience with enveloping game day sounds of bands and cheering crowds. 
 
* Serve a creative spread. Game day snacks can make or break the atmosphere of a staygate, so make certain your fans aren’t calling foul on what you serve. Go online to order local favorites, from wings and pizza to sliders and nachos, to give your guests a taste of what it’s like to be back on campus, or color-coordinate your spread to create a celebratory vibe. For inspiration, check out your favorite team sites or regional food blogs. 
 
* Stock up on game day essentials. Once your RSVP list is finalized, don’t forget to stock up on festive game day favorites. Encourage your guests to dress for the occasion! Just because the team can’t see you, doesn’t mean your lucky socks are any less lucky. Break out those team colors, wear them with pride and challenge your fellow staygaters to do the same. Do you cheer on your team with shakers or foam fingers? Cowbells or clappers? Recreate that stadium electricity by offering your fans the same fun noisemakers at your staygate.   
 
For more tips and advice on how to “do game day right” from Official NCAA Corporate Partner LG Electronics USA, visit www.lg.com/us/do-game-day-right .  

A female Garda remains in a stable condition in St James' Hospital after her patrol car was rammed by a stolen car yesterday afternoon. 

Three men were arrested at the scene in Ballyfermot - one in his late teens - the others in their twenties. 

Two of the men appeared in court last night and all have been relesed on bail.

By Aditya Anand and Amit Kotkar 
Andheri and Worli outlets latest to close; deliveries delayed, service requests on hold. 

Nissan Motor India has terminated its dealership in Andheri and suspended operations of an outlet in Worli, reducing the number of showrooms and workshops it operates from four to one, much to the displeasure of its customers, who are either awaiting delivery of new vehicles or wish to have their cars serviced. 

The Japanese car manufacturer on Wednesday shut down services offered by Torrent Nissan in Andheri by issuing a public declaration that customers aren't to do business with that dealer. Nissan also temporarily suspended Kamla Nissan, its outlet in Worli. 

Malad-based businessman BU Trivedi, 55, who booked a Datsun Go Plus in May after making a downpayment is yet to receive delivery but is paying an EMI on the loan he was offered. "In June I was told that the delivery was delayed. While Kamla Nissan has closed down for now, the car is yet to be delivered," Trivedi said. 

The businessman, who has paid about Rs 20,000 as instalments, added that officials at Kamla Nissan told him that could not deliver the car since the company had blocked their code temporarily. 

Architect Dinesh Patil had his new car delivered five months ago but cannot drive it on the streets as it is yet to be registered. "My family has to be content watching it parked outside our house since the dealer did not register its number with the RTO," Patil said. 

The Jogeshwari resident has sent copies of the debit note (issued by Torrent Nissan) reflecting the amount for registration of vehicle recoverable/payable, insurance with Bharti AXA general, extended warranty recoverable/payable and depot charges to Nisan Motors India hoping that something will come of it. 

"I have received a reply saying they will get back to me. But I expected it to be prompt," Patil said adding that he would wait and watch. Trivedi has decided he will initiate legal action and has appointed a lawyer. "After issuing them with a legal notice, I intend to move the consumer court for a solution," he said. 

While a Nissan India spokesperson sought time to respond, a company official informed that most cases had been sorted. "Till we resolve issues of payment defaults and slowing down of sales with dealers, customers will have to use services of Ritu Nissan in Bhandup and Thane," the official said. 

"There were problems with funding arising out of partnership issues. But that has been resolved and we shall be starting afresh from October 1," Anil Jagtiani, Kamla Nissan executive director, told Mirror. "Kamla Nissan is opening a new showroom in the central suburbs, while Ritu Nissan would open a new outlet in Andheri," he added.

(BelTA) – Industrial companies of Belarus and India intend to enter third-country markets with a common brand. Belarusian Deputy Industry Minister Dmitry Korchik made the statement during the online conference hosted by the BelTA website on 24 September. 
The official noted that during the latest session of the Belarusian-Indian intergovernmental commission the sides discussed the establishment of Belarusian industrial enterprises in India using the economic conditions the Indian side offers. Apart from that, an agreement to start assembling Belarusian tractors in India was signed. “As far as assembly enterprises are concerned, we are now looking into the matter together with Indian partners. It is necessary to decide on joint actions in October because there are certain peculiarities to take care of. As you know, India is an internationally recognized leader in tractor manufacturing. The country puts serious effort into developing the automobile engineering industry. We should find a joint niche, a joint product in order to get it made at assembly enterprises in India,” explained the Belarusian Deputy Industry Minister. 

At the same time shipments to third countries — Africa and Asia — where India already enjoys certain influence are under consideration. “We are talking about a new product in the countries where Belarus is not present for now while India has achieved certain success. We plan to reach those markets with a joint brand, a joint product in order to further develop our export geography. We cannot stay idle in this regard. It is necessary to act as fast as possible to agree business operation terms with the partners, to make up our minds on the products we are going to assemble together, and the technologies and conditions for setting up the joint ventures. The work has to be completed in H1 2016 at the latest,” informed Dmitry Korchik. 

The official also said he stays in touch with Indian partners of the Belarusian automobile manufacturing company BelAZ. There are plans to set up a service center by the end of the year. It will allow shipping more mining vehicles. “Those are complicated vehicles. It would be very hard to sell them in this region without comprehensive aftersales service,” explained the Deputy Industry Minister. 

The official pointed out that just like China and Pakistan India represents a serious market for Belarus. Among other things Belarus intends to be part of the Make in India program. “The program is a major step on the part of the Indian government to attract investors, develop the manufacturing industry and other ones. India has created the program to get investments and create jobs. The country does not want to import merchandise. India wants to make it instead. It is a good offer for us,” Dmitry Korchik was convinced. 

In his words, the Make in India program provides for creating more attractive conditions — customs, taxation, transport, and manpower ones — for foreign companies. Belarusian companies such as MTZ, BelAZ, MAZ, and Gomselmash can take part in the program.

AMC closes out season 1 of Fear the Walking Dead with launch of Web series Flight 462      
The first season of Fear the Walking Dead is quickly approaching its
finale, but fans will be comforted to know that AMC is preparing to
launch a new companion Web series, Fear the Walking Dead: Flight 462 on
Oct. 4. 
 
The post AMC closes out season 1 of Fear the Walking Dead with launch of
Web series Flight 462 appeared first on Digital Trends.

Sep 1, 2015 
 
Mobile Banking App Adds Nearly 20,000 U.S. Banks and Bank-Affiliated Credit Cards
                      New York (PRWEB) September 01, 2015
                      Qapital (@qapitalapp), the mobile banking app that uses automated savings to help young Americans save money for the things that matter most to them, announces its integration with financial software Intuit. Qapital now works with nearly 20,000 U.S. banks, credit  …
                      ( continue reading )

The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources released information Sept. 10 about how interested people can apply to be a member of the Mille Lacs Fisheries Advisory Committee that will work with the DNR on issues and programs relevant to Mille Lacs Lake. 
The action comes in the wake of the DNR closing the lake to walleye fishing Aug. 3 because the fishing limits had been reached. Before the close, a community meeting on the potential of it drew 75 or so people anxious about their livelihood and way of life – walleye fishing – and angry about what some called mismanagement of the lake over the years. Gov. Mark Dayton visited Mille Lacs Lake after the meeting to learn more about the issues. 
The DNR has released information in the past days and weeks relevant to the situation. 
Walleye committee forms 
According to news releases and DNR communications director Chris Niskanen, the committee is open to 12-16 people who may apply online at www.dnr.state.mn.us/millelacslake/index.html; scroll down to the underlined text link for “apply to serve on a newly formed Mille Lacs Lake Fisheries Advisory Committee.” People can also call 651-259-5221 for more information about the committee. 
The deadline to apply is Sept. 24, when applications will be considered and DNR Commissioner Tom Landwehr will appoint the members. Niskanen said a media announcement of the new members would be made sometime before the committee’s first meeting Oct. 8. Members serve a two-year term of service, and the new committee replaces the Mille Lacs Fisheries Input Group, which was formed in 1997 and consisted of citizens and business owners from the Mille Lacs Lake area, the release says. 
Membership on the committee will include diverse angling interests such as local business, tourism, tribal, academic and local and county government. The DNR release said, “To improve openness and transparency of technical discussions, two committee members will also be asked to attend meetings of the state and tribal fisheries technical committee as observers.” 
Landwehr said in the release: “This committee will play an important role in furthering the dialogue about Mille Lacs Lake and focusing on issues relevant to the state’s management of the lake. We want committee members and the public to have a more structured and participative process to provide meaningful input, with a goal of reaching a shared understanding with the DNR about issues and potential solutions affecting the Mille Lacs Lake fishery.” 
Plan includes hatchery 
An Aug. 27 news release says the DNR will work with the Legislature during the 2016 session to secure bond funding for a new fisheries management facility that will include a cool-water hatchery to be built in the Mille Lacs community. It would provide room for monitoring equipment and staff and accommodate educational and visitor functions, as well as be a place to hold public-information meetings. Niskanen said it is too soon to know when the hatchery might be built because the project is “still in the design and funding phase.” 
Local fisheries office, project leader in the works 
Until a new hatchery building is available, the DNR will lease an office in a community near the lake to house the project leader and other Mille Lacs Lake staff. The people will provide more capacity to monitor conditions, communicate with local stakeholders, help with hatchery and stocking efforts and help the community with outreach and marketing. Niskanen said the staff and location for the office have not yet been chosen but will be announced when in place. 
Stock fish, stop cormorants 
The DNR will stock walleye fry in Mille Lacs Lake in 2016 in a pilot effort to develop and refine techniques. A news release says stocking is not necessary, but the DNR wants to be ready to go if and when it becomes necessary. The pilot will help develop techniques to maintain the unique genetics of the lake, ensure that aquatic invasive species in Mille Lacs are not spread to other water bodies and identify appropriate stocking levels. The DNR staff will chemically mark walleye fry to study their survival throughout their life cycle. Egg-take, hatching and stocking will occur in spring of 2016. 
DNR information about Mille Lacs Lake also says the DNR is talking with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to secure control permits for double-crested cormorants. Niskanen said the techniques for control will be determined in partnership with the USFWS but said in other state and national control projects, the birds are either shot or vegetable oil can be applied to their eggs to render them unviable. 
Promote alternates 
The DNR release says it will promote other fishing opportunities in the lake, including northern pike, smallmouth bass and muskellunge plus the many recreational resources in the region, such as hunting lands, state parks, bike trails, ATV and snowmobile trails and paddling opportunities. The DNR and Explore Minnesota Tourism are collaborating on a “Do the Lake” outreach campaign.

By Della Monroe
The festive period calls for families to remember their traditional and practices. Buying a real Christmas tree comes with many benefits compared to purchasing artificial ones. The real trees benefit not only you, but also the environment and your homestead. These traditions are the core activities at home during the period. Many people prefer real trees during the festive due to the positive effect they have on the surrounding. Once you have decided to Choose and cut Christmas trees Ann Arbor city ensure they are the real ones and not artificial.
The reason many people prefer real trees it is because they are renewable. After cutting a tree, the authorities require you to plant two or three trees. The government regulates deforestation and they give you the permission to cut down the tree. When buying them ensure the cutter leaves the roots attached on them. After the holidays, plant them in your compounds.
Finding a dealer is a daunting process but with the right information, the search is easier. Use the internet to get the suppliers who are near you. The city has many vendors who trade in these trees during the festive season. Use recommendations from friends who have bought them before on the reliable dealer to select.
Ensure there is a big stand to handle the tree. The stand must be big enough to provide the required space for growth and development of the stand. The stand should be big even if the tree is thicker because with time the tree will be big enough to fit the stand.
Buying the real Christmas trees is more fun. Take your family with you during the shopping for one. The countryside has the right sellers who will give you a chance to select the right tree and allow you to cut it to your desired size. It is a superb experience to be in the farms during the winter season. The nature challenges you and bringing the tree home is a sign of accomplishment.
Visit their website to learn about their services and reputation. Find out what their previous clients have to say about their products. The reviews will also highlight the complaints and complements from the customers to the dealer. If they offer satisfactory services, they will receive many ratings from their clients.
Their plantations are a home for the wildlife. The local and the federal government are encouraging the citizens to plant more plants. Forestation provides a haven for wild animals and helps in cleaning the air. These plantations take between seven and fifteen years to grow to the desired size and height. During this period, the plantation acts as habitat to the local wildlife.
They are recyclable and biodegradable. You can chip them for any kind of use. You can use them in the recycling projects. They also assist in tackling climate changes by removing the carbon oxide in the atmosphere.
About the Author:
Read more about Details On Choose And Cut Christmas Trees Ann Arbor City.

Carrie leaves the Middle East but her core mission remains. 

When Homeland returns this week, the series will be in a very different place – physically and mentally – from where it started.

Long gone is Brody (Damian Lewis), the former al-Qaeda prisoner of war who returned to the US a possible sleeper agent to be watched by CIA agent Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes).

Long gone too is Carrie's CIA career. She's now living and working in Berlin for a private security firm. And that's fine by the intelligence world's real agents.

The series might have won millions of fans around the world, but for those doing the job for real, the TV agents, and Carrie in particular, just didn't ring true.

"The problem is that they portray most women in such a one-dimensional way; whatever the character flaw is, that's all they are," Gina Bennett, an analyst in the American Counterterrorism Centre for more than 25 years told The New York Times.

"It can leave a very distinct understanding of women at the agency – how we function, how we relate to men, how we engage in national security – that is pretty off.

Another CIA veteran, Sandra Grimes, agreed.

"I wish they wouldn't use centrefold models in tight clothes. We don't look that way. And we don't act that way."

How the spy world reacts to the newest Homeland characters (including Australian Miranda Otto who will play the CIA's Berlin chief of station with Mandy Patinkin as her boss) remains to be seen.

It's not something that weighs heavily on the mind of series showrunner Alex Gansa, who is unsurprisingly more interested in the fact the new locale (Homeland is the first US television series to be shot entirely in Germany) and players will let him take the long-running series in a completely new direction.

Announcing the series return, the producers said: "Season five will pick up two years after Carrie Mathison's ill-fated tenure as Islamabad station chief.

"Struggling to reconcile her guilt and disillusionment with years of working on the front lines in the 'war on terror,' Carrie finds herself in a self-imposed exile in Berlin, estranged from the CIA and working for a private security firm."

She has a new boyfriend, new colleagues – almost none of last year's Homeland stars will be returning – and a new direction.

What will remain, Gansa said, is her core mission, to keep the world safe.

"Look at what's going on in the Middle East, look at what's going on in Syria and Iraq, look what's happening in the Ukraine," he told The Hollywood Reporter.

"We'll be in Europe telling this story. It's all going to be part of the world (Carrie) is in."

WHAT

Homeland

WHEN

Ten, Monday, 9.30pm The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

Source- eternallygreen.com 
 
Most Spider Mites, especially the Two Spotted Spider mite love hot weather and dry conditions, so the race is on!  Batten down the hatches and Katie bar the door, it’s Spider Mite season! 
 
Spider mites attack a variety of plants in your landscape including Burning Bush, Dwarf Alberta Spruce, Boxwood, almost all spruce varieties and other plants. 
 
But they are tiny!  Tiny, destructive creatures that easily move around in your plants undetected because they are so small you don’t notice them.  They are only 1/50 of an inch long in their adult stage.  That’s small! 
 
Then they often hang out on the underside of the foliage feeding away like thieves in the night. 
 
So how can you tell if you have them?  Look for tiny yellow spots on the leaves and needles of your plants.  Spider mites have tiny mouths that are designed to suck the juice out of  individual plant cells.  So they attack your plants one cell at at time and the damage really doesn’t start to show up until they have destroyed the majority of cells on a leaf or an area of the plant. 
 
If you hold a piece of white paper under a branch that you are concerned about, then sharply wrap the branch with a pencil you might knock some off onto to the paper where you can see them.  But you really have to look closely because they look like walking dust particles. 
 
Since they like it hot and dry you can actually blast them off your plants with a sharp stream of water from the garden hose.  Or you can spray your plants with an insecticidal soap that will get rid of the mites but not harm your plants. 
 
Source- GeorgeWeigel.net 
 
Spider mites can completely defoliate a large Burning Bush, but fortunately the plant is usually not permanently damaged.  They also do a lot of damage to Dwarf Alberta Spruce, and the damage there is more permanent. 
 
Keep an eye out for them and give them a good hosing.

2nd Sep 15 | Entertainment News  
Ed Skrein is desperate to team up with Jason Statham. 
 
Ed Skrein dreams of being as impressive in action scenes as Jason Statham. 

The two stars have a little something in common, as Ed is appearing in The Transporter Refuelled. It's the fourth film in The Transporter franchise and sees Ed replacing Jason as lead character Frank Martin. Frank is a highly-skilled driver who is known for being able to get any package from one place to another, no questions asked. 

Stepping into Jason's shoes was a big moment for Ed, who is in awe of the older star. 

"I'd love to work with him at some point if he was interested and it was right for the both of us. He's incredible and his skills in the action field are incredibly advanced. If I work hard and train hard, I can only hope to be close to what he's achieved," he told screenrant.com. 

This isn't the only major flick Ed is involved with. He's also scored a role in the eagerly-anticipated Deadpool, where Ryan Reynolds takes on the eponymous antihero. 

Ed's character is villain Ajax, but he's tight-lipped about whether we'll be seeing him on screens again. 

"[Tim Miller is] one of the directors I've most enjoyed working with. I feel like he got the best out of me in a lot of ways, so I'd love to work with him again whether it's another Deadpool movie or whether it's something else," he said. "We'll have to wait and see. I'm just such a fan of what Ryan has done with the role and I'm just so proud to have done the one movie. Again, if it turns into 20 movies, great, or if it's just the one, I'm happy to have had the experience and the growth." 

Although he's achieved a lot so far, there are still career areas Ed wants to explore. One of those would be taking on a superhero role himself, as he isn't all about the bad guy. 

"There's so many superheroes that I'd love to play, man. I always looked at Thundercats. I'd love to play Panthro! He was always a really cool dude, but then there's Lion-O!" he laughed.

The Dom Post reports : 
 
A Wellington woman tried to explain to a brutal rapist that she could be pregnant with her first child and begged him not to hurt her. 
 
It did not matter to Bailey Meredith, 17, who violated her over and over during an attack on the Hutt River riverbank on June 11 before beating her unconscious. 
 
She had been out walking when he had grabbed her from behind, ordering her to her knees before saying he intended to rape her. 
 
The victim went on to explain about IVF which she and her husband had been going through but it made no difference.  They were to find out if she was pregnant that weekend instead she was being treated for her injuries and tested for sexually transmitted diseases. 
 
Meredith had pleaded guilty to rape, four charges of unlawful sexual connection, abduction with intent to rape, wounding with intent to injure and threatening to kill.  He has been jailed for eight years. 
 
That seems light to me. In 2010 I blogged the Court of Appeal guidelines being : 
  Rape Band 1 (6 to 8 yrs) – offending at the lower end of the spectrum where there are no aggravating factors, no serious violence, no abduction, the victim is not very young or very old.  Rape Band 2 (7 to 13 yrs) – involves moderate violence, pre-meditation, a rape involving more than one offender, or an especially vulnerable victim  Rape Band 3 (12 to 18 yrs) – offending with serious additional violence, wit multiple (three or more) aggravating factors. For particularly cruel, callous or violent rapes.  Rape Band 4 (16 to 20 yrs) – for multiple offending over considerable periods of time, gang or pack rape.   
There was obvious serious violence that left her unconscious.  It would seem to me the case would be Rape Band 2 or 3, not Rape Band 1. 
 
Officer in charge of the investigation, Detective Sergeant Nick Pritchard, said it was one of the worst cases he had investigated. 
 
“This was a sexual attack that involved extreme violence. It was one of the most violent sexual attacks I’ve seen in my career,” he said. 
 
So eight years seems rather light. He did plead guilty which gets 10% to 33% knocked off.  But in theory he could be out of jail in under three years. 
 
  
Tags: rape

Homicide detectives in Victoria are appealing for information after the suspicious death of a three-month-old baby girl in Heathcote. 

The baby died in hospital about 7.30pm on Sunday. 

Police said a man aged in his 20s from Heathcote has been interviewed and released pending further enquiries. 

No other details were released by police at this stage. 

 Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or make a confidential report at www.crimestoppersvic.com.au  
 
© ninemsn 2

Madison quarterback Mitch Hansen, one of the state’s premier signal callers, will have to contend with an experienced West Central defense Friday night. (Photo: Elisha Page / Argus Leader) 

West Central (2-0) vs. Madison (2-0) 

WHEN/WHERE: 7 p.m. Friday at Madison 

COACHES: West Central – Kent Mueller (13th year with Trojans, 104-18); Madison – Max Hodgen (6th year with Bulldogs, 32-19) 

SEASON TO DATE: Through two games, the Bulldogs and Trojans have each played bully to Dakota Valley. West Central opened the season with a 44-7 victory over the Panthers, and Madison last week tallied a 49-14 win. Stiffer tests presented in their other games, but you’d never know looking at the final scores. West Central flirted with a shutout against Canton, eventually winning 30-7. Madison got a heavy measure of revenge in walloping Dell Rapids – the team that beat them in the 11A championship last November – to the tune of 41-6. 

POSTSEASON PRECURSOR: The No. 1 Bulldogs and No. 2 Trojans come in heavy 11A favorites, as Milbank Area (2-0), newcomer St. Thomas More (2-0) and a veteran team in Sioux Falls Christian (2-0) all vie for a spot at the table. Friday’s matchup, then, could be a preview of what’s to come in November. In Mitch Hansen, Madison has one of the state’s best quarterbacks. The Bulldogs have an assortment of weapons with Brodie Frederiksen, who averaged over 7.9 yards a carry last season, and Mason Leighton, whose three catches last week all went for touchdowns. West Central is less likely to air it out, and will lean heavily on the ground attack of Jonah Rechtenbaugh, who has rushed for over 100 yards in each of their two wins. The Trojans also sport a veteran defense, with eight starters making their return, led by defensive linemen Hunter Hanley and Bryce Edberg. 

WHAT TO EXPECT: The two teams have a rich history as rivals, squaring off in the state finals as recently as 2013 when the Trojans won 28-21. Friday’s early-season showdown isn’t likely to trend the way of blowout. Madison might be best diversifying their attack, but it won’t come easy against the Trojan defense. The Bulldogs are somewhat inexperienced on defense, by contrast, but have allowed just 20 points in two games. If home crowds count for anything then the slight edge goes to Madison, but this battle of top-ranked squads won’t disappoint either way. 

Read or Share this story: http://argusne.ws/1UKjLVY

This seven-night Noumea/Loyalty Islands combo package includes $1000 worth of added bonuses. This seven-night Noumea/Loyalty Islands combo package includes $1000 worth of added bonuses. Stay four nights in Noumea in a fully self-contained One Bedroom Superior Suite at the recently renovated Chateau Royal Beach Resort & Spa, then three nights in a Garden Bungalow at You get international and domestic flights, breakfast, transfers, plus bonuses such as a bottle of French champagne and Wi-Fi at Chateau Royal.

It costs from $2090 a person ex east coast, a bit more from Adelaide and Perth.

Travel October 15 – December 11, January 28 – March 23. Valid for sale till October 16.

Phone 1300 000 225. See www.myNewCaledonia.com.au The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

Europe's fourth-largest container shipping line, Hapag-Lloyd AG , has announced that from October 3, 2015, it will revise the bunker adjustment factor (BAF) applicable for all containerized shipments from North East Asia to Australia. 
The revised BAF will be USD 225 per twenty-foot equivalent unit (TEU). 

North East Asia comprises Japan, Korea, China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. 

Last month, the Hamburg-headquartered transportation company announced that it had revised its BAF for all containerised shipments from North East Asia to Australia to USD 275 per TEU. Thus, the latest adjustment is a reduction of USD 50 per TEU.

From the Wires Sep. 10, 2015 02:00 PM 
   
    

HOUSTON, TX -- (Marketwired) -- 09/10/15 -- Heritage Texas Properties (Heritage), the largest independently owned residential real estate firm in the Greater Houston region, names Chaille Ralph, last year's Chair of the Houston Association of Realtors®, as its new President. 

Mrs. Robin Mueck, owner and CEO of one of Houston's most recognized and honored real estate brokerages, becomes Chairman and CEO to lead the firm's business development and local community outreach efforts. Jerry Mueck, Executive Vice President and husband of Robin, is also an owner. 

"Our people are our greatest strength," says Mueck, "and we now have in place a vibrant new management team -- led by an admired and proven leader, Chaille Ralph. Our leadership team has a shared vision to provide exciting new growth and innovation that will deliver even greater geographic reach, and inspired personal service to delight our clients." 

 Heritage , which will celebrate its 40th Anniversary next year, has grown under Mueck's leadership from a few dozen agents in one office to 16 locations from the Gulf Coast to Central Texas, home to more than 300 licensed Realtors. It has been recognized as one of the top brokerage firms in the U.S. by REAL Trends. As a member of the prestigious Leading Real Estate Companies of the World and Luxury Portfolio, and a past recipient of its Most Innovative Brokerage Award, Heritage also is part of a global marketing network of 500+ real estate firms with 3,500 offices and 120,000 sales associates spanning 50 countries. This exclusive partnership allows Heritage to promote its properties to potential buyers all over the world. 

Ms. Ralph, a licensed real estate broker since 1982, has been with Heritage since 2009, most recently as Senior Vice President of Sales for the company's Post Oak, Downtown and Galveston locations. A respected industry leader, she serves as a Director of the National Association of Realtors, the Texas Association of Realtors and the Houston Association of Realtors. She's a native Houstonian, alumnae of St. Thomas Episcopal School, and graduated from Texas Christian University with a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration. 

Ms. Ralph will lead the day-to-day operations, heading the new leadership team for Heritage . In related moves, Sandy Benson, Senior Vice President, is now responsible for sales companywide, supporting top line growth and overseeing branch leaders. Kristen Abney, Senior Vice President, heads up the highly profitable relocation division as well as strategic initiatives and special projects. Senior Vice President Bill Jones has been selected to head up an exciting new venture that Heritage will reveal in the coming weeks. 
  
"This may be the most exciting time in our company's treasured journey," says Mrs. Mueck. "I am honored and humbled to help Chaille and our management team write our next chapter of success. We are the company to watch." Mrs. Mueck believes that her burgeoning enterprise will continue to expand, as it attracts the best talent from both the "Next Gen" and seasoned veterans. 

"While these innovative moves create an energy and excitement among the Heritage family that will help us grow and serve our clients better than ever," Mrs. Mueck adds, "Our traditional values remain unchanged: We have built our culture around attracting people of integrity who genuinely care and have concern for our clients and each other, which is rare. We do it right. That won't change." 

Mrs. Mueck, as Chairman and CEO, will be focusing on expanding Heritage market share throughout the communities it serves, both through business development and taking a more direct role in local community leadership activities throughout the Greater Houston Region. "I'm thrilled to transition Chaille to lead the day-to-day operations to allow me to focus on exciting new growth initiatives and deepen our long-standing relationship with the community." 

Mrs. Mueck notes that Ms. Ralph's appointment to President is the third major initiative Heritage has undertaken in recent months. In June, the company unveiled its new logo and brand identity. The effort, says VP of Marketing Jaclyn Reed who spearheaded the effort, was designed to "visually align our brand with the modern company Heritage has become, yet underscore our long-standing image of quality, service and sophistication based on our tradition of excellence and integrity." 

Second, Heritage is renovating its flagship Post Oak Park office, which reopens on October 1, 2015. "It's a complete overhaul of the entire 12th floor of this Class A office building," Mrs. Mueck says, "and it symbolizes our penchant for quality in everything we do." 

With 360-degree sweeping views of the downtown Houston skyline, River Oaks, Uptown Park, the Galleria and 1,500-acre canopy of Memorial Park, Ralph, Mueck and the rest of the leadership team will have created a stellar environment for its agents, staff and clients. "This expansion will enable increased marketing support," says Mrs. Mueck, including marketing for builders, development support, and personal branding for agents. "Our flagship office paints a new picture of innovation and progress, still suitable for our established traditions," she adds. The location will be used for state-of-the-art corporate video production, video conferencing, and distance learning to support Heritage Texas Properties located throughout the state. 

 Heritage Texas Properties has a legacy of leadership that includes five former Chairs of the Houston Association of Realtors, with four still part of the Heritage Texas Properties team, including Mrs. Mueck, Ms. Ralph, Mr. Jones and Lynn Zarr, Sr. 

 About Heritage Texas Properties  

 Heritage Texas Properties , founded in 1976, is the largest independently owned residential real estate firm in the markets it serves, including Houston (5 offices), Katy, Cypress, The Woodlands, Sugar Land, Galveston, New Braunfels, Seguin, Round Top, Brenham, Bellville, and La Grange. Recognized for providing distinguished residential brokerage services, a tradition of integrity, and a track record of technology innovation, the company employs more than 300 licensed real estate professionals selling homes from 16 office locations. Heritage celebrates its 40th Anniversary on January 7, 2016. For more information about Heritage, go to www.heritagetexas.com . 

Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=2885480 
Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=2885477 

 About Marketwired . 
Copyright © 2009 Marketwired. All rights reserved. All the news releases provided by Marketwired are copyrighted. Any forms of copying other than an individual user's personal reference without express written permission is prohibited. Further distribution of these materials is strictly forbidden, including but not limited to, posting, emailing, faxing, archiving in a public database, redistributing via a computer network or in a printed form.

-Shipments in the second quarter of 2015 met previous guidance 
  
BAODING, China , September 8, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Yingli Green Energy Holding Company Limited ("Yingli Green Energy" or the "Company") (NYSE:YGE), one of the world's leading photovoltaic (PV) module manufacturers, known as " Yingli Solar " or "Yingli", today announced its unaudited consolidated financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and an expected non-cash impairment charge on long lived assets in the quarter ending September 30, 2015 . 
 
Second Quarter 2015 Consolidated Financial and Operating Summary 
 Total net revenues were RMB2,716.1 million ( US$438.1 million ).  Total photovoltaic ("PV") module shipments (including shipments for PV systems to the Company's own downstream PV projects[1]) were 727.9 MW.  Gross profit was RMB171.0 million ( US$27.6 million ), representing a gross margin of 6.3%. The gross margin on sales of PV modules was 7.9%.  Operating loss was RMB178.3 million ( US$28.8million ), representing a negative operating margin of 6.6%.  On an adjusted non-GAAP basis, earnings before interest, tax expenses, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") were RMB198.8 million ( US$32.1 million ).  Net loss[2] was RMB598.1 million ( US$96.5 million ) and loss per ordinary share and per American depositary share ("ADS") was RMB3.29  (US$0.53) . On an adjusted non-GAAP[3] basis, net loss was RMB596.9 million ( US$96.3 million ) and loss per ordinary share and per ADS was RMB3.28  (US$0.53) .   
[1] Revenues were not recognized for internal shipments as required by U.S. GAAP. 
 
[2] For convenience purposes, all references to "net loss/income" in this press release, unless otherwise specified, represent "net loss/income attributable to Yingli Green Energy" for all periods presented. 
 
[3] All non-GAAP measures other than EBITDA exclude, as applicable, share-based compensation, interest expenses related to the changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap and the amortization of the debt discount, the amortization of intangible assets, inventory provision, impairment of long-lived assets and non-cash provision for inventory purchase commitments. EBITDA excludes interest, tax expenses, depreciation and amortization. For further details on non-GAAP measures, please refer to the reconciliation table and a detailed discussion of the Company's use of non-GAAP information set forth elsewhere in this press release. 
  
"The Company achieved a PV module shipment volume of 727.9MW in the second quarter, which made our cumulative PV module deliveries exceed 14GW worldwide since our inception." commented Mr. Liansheng Miao , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Yingli Green Energy. 
 
"During the second quarter of 2015, our shipments to China and the U.S. grew significantly and increased by 110% and 35%, respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2015. Due to our continuous efforts in market diversification, our shipments to emerging markets, such as Northern and Southern Africa , Central and Southern Asia , Middle East and Latin America , continued to make remarkable progresses." 
 
"We successfully repaid the RMB1.2 billion three-year unsecured medium-term notes due in May 2015 , and we are actively taking measures to prepare for repayment of the RMB1.0 billion five-year unsecured medium-term notes when they become due this October and are exploring a number of financing options including liquidation of idle assets, introduction of strategic investors and potential new cooperation model with our business partners. Also, for our downstream project development business, we have adopted and will follow a core principle of 'less investment, and quicker turnover' in order to maintain a stable cash flow. We believe these measures will help us to enhance our cash position, and allow us to gradually improve our balance sheet." Mr. Miao concluded. 
 
Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results 
 
Total Net Revenues 
 
Total net revenues were RMB2,716.1 million ( US$438.1 million ) in the second quarter of 2015, compared to RMB2,905.8 million in the first quarter of 2015 and RMB3,408.9 million in the second quarter of 2014. Total PV module shipments (including 43.2MW shipments for PV systems of the Company's own downstream PV projects) were 727.9MW in the second quarter of 2015, compared to 754.2MW in the first quarter of 2015 and 887.9MW in the second quarter of 2014. Revenues were not recognized for 43.2MW of internal shipments as required by U.S. GAAP. 
 
The decrease in total net revenues in the second quarter of 2015 compared to the first quarter of 2015 was mainly due to a decrease of PV module shipments in the second quarter of 2015 and decline in the average selling price of PV modules, which was primarily due to higher proportion of our shipment to China market and the depreciation of Euro and Japanese Yen against Renminbi in the quarter. 
 
Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 
Gross profit was RMB171.0 million ( US$27.6 million ) in the second quarter of 2015, compared to RMB410.8 million in the first quarter of 2015 and RMB532.1 million in the second quarter of 2014. 
 
Gross margin was 6.3% in the second quarter of 2015, compared to 14.1% in the first quarter of 2015 and 15.6% in the second quarter of 2014. The decrease in gross profit and gross margin from the first quarter of 2015 to the second quarter of 2015 was mainly due to the decline in average selling price of PV modu les a nd the increase in unit manufacturing cost as a result of a lower utilization rate of production facilities in the second quarter of 2015. Gross margin on sales of PV modules was 7.9% in the second quarter of 2015. 
 
Operating Expenses 
 
Operating expenses decreased to RMB349.3 million ( US$56.3 million ) in the second quarter of 2015 from RMB477.2 million in the first quarter of 2015, and compared to RMB618.1 million in the second quarter of 2014. The decrease in operating expenses from the first quarter of 2015 to the second quarter of 2015 was mainly due to the recognition of a gain from disposal of the land use rights held by Fine Silicon, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Yingli Green Energy. 
 
Operating expenses as a percentage of total net revenues were 12.9 % in the second quarter of 2015, reduced from 16.4% in the first quarter of 2015 and 18.1% in the second quarter of 2014. 
 
Operating Loss and Margin 
 
Operating loss was RMB178.3 million ( US$28.8 million ) in the second quarter of 2015, compared to operating loss of RMB66.4 million in the first quarter of 2015 and operating loss of RMB85.9 million in the second quarter of 2014. 
 
Operating margin was negative 6.6% in the second quarter of 2015, compared to negative 2.3% in the first quarter of 2015 and negative 2.5% in the second quarter of 2014. 
 
EBITDA 
 
On an adjusted non-GAAP basis, EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax expenses, depreciation and amortization) were RMB198.8 million ( US$32.1 million ) in the second quarter of 2015, compared to RMB199.8 million in the first quarter of 2015 and RMB279.3 million in the second quarter of 2014. 
 
Interest Expense 
 
Interest expense was RMB242.1 million ( US$39.1 million ) in the second quarter of 2015, compared to RMB236.8 million in the first quarter of 2015 and RMB232.4 million in the second quarter of 2014. The weighted average interest rate was 6.75% in the second quarter of 2015, compared to 6.76% in the first quarter of 2015 and 6.25% in the second quarter of 2014. 
 
Foreign Currency Exchange Loss (Gain) 
 
Foreign currency exchange loss was RMB10.3 million ( US$1.7 million ) in the second quarter of 2015, compared to foreign currency exchange loss of RMB130.6 million in the first quarter of 2015 and foreign currency exchange gain of RMB2.8 million in the second quarter of 2014. The decrease in foreign currency exchange loss from the first quarter of 2015 was mainly due to less fluctuation of the exchange rates between Euros and Renminbi in the second quarter of 2015. 
 
Income Tax Expense 
 
Income tax expense was RMB232.6 million ( US$37.5 million ) in the second quarter of 2015, compared to income tax expense of RMB0.5 million in the first quarter of 2015 and income tax expense of RMB1.2 million in the second quarter of 2014. The significant increase in income tax expense in the second quarter of 2015 mainly resulted from RMB200.0 million of valuation allowance on deferred tax assets recognized in this quarter and areversal of deferred income tax assets of Fine Silicon, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Yingli Green Energy . 
 
Net Loss 
 
Net loss was RMB598.1 million ( US$96.5 million ) in the second quarter of 2015, compared to RMB363.2 million in the first quarter of 2015 and RMB285.2 million in the second quarter of 2014. Loss per ordinary share and per ADS was RMB3.29  (US$0.53) , compared to RMB2.00 in the first quarter of 2015 and RMB1.64 in the second quarter of 2014. 
 
On an adjusted non-GAAP basis, net loss was RMB596.9 million ( US$96.3 million ) in the second quarter of 2015, compared to RMB353.0 million in the first quarter of 2015 and RMB275.0 million in the second quarter of 2014. Adjusted non-GAAP loss per ordinary share and per ADS was RMB3.28  (US$0.53) in the second quarter of 2015, compared to RMB1.94 in the first quarter of 2015 and RMB1.58 in the second quarter of 2014. 
 
Balance Sheet Analysis 
 
As of June 30, 2015 , the Company had RMB575.0 million ( US$92.7 million ) in cash and cash equivalents, compared to RMB1,140.9 million as of March 31, 2015 . The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was mainly due to the repayment of the medium-term notes in the principal amount of RMB 1.2 billion due in May 2015 . 
 
As of June 30, 2015 , the Company had RMB1,201.8 million ( US$193.8 million ) in restricted cash, compared to RMB1,323.2 million as of March 31, 2015 . 
 
As of June 30, 2015 , the Company's accounts receivable had decreased to RMB3,854.4 million ( US$621.7 million ) from RMB4,320.6 million as of March 31, 2015 . Days sales outstanding were [128] days in the second quarter of 2015, compared to 134 days in the first quarter of 2015. 
 
As of June 30, 2015 , the Company's accounts payable had decreased to RMB5,432.2 million ( US$876.2 million ) from RMB5,617.1 million as of March 31, 2015 . Days payable outstanding were 192 days in the second quarter of 2015, decreased from 203 days in the first quarter of 2015. 
 
As of June 30, 2015 , the Company's inventory had decreased to RMB1,522.4 million ( US$245.6 million ) from RMB2,020.3 million as of March 31, 2015 . Inventory turnover days were 54 days in the second quarter of 2015, decreased from 73 days in the first quarter of 2015. 
 
As of the date of this press release, the Company had approximately RMB 6,627 million in unutilized short-term lines of credit and approximately RMB 1,195 million in committed long-term fac ilities. The Company repaid the RMB1.2 billion three-year unsecured medium-term notes when they became due in May 2015 . For the R MB 1.0 billion five-year unsecured medium-term notes du e in October 2015, the Company is exploring various measures for the repayment of these notes . The C ompany is also working on a number of financing options to continue to manage the Company's liquidity and to enhance its financial flexibility. 
 
Downstream Development in 2015 
 
In China , the Company began the construction of 78 MW of PV projects and connected 94 MW of PV projects to the grid in the second quarter 2015. As of June 30, 2015 , the Company had a total of over 400 MW of PV projects under construction across a dozen provinces in China . 
 
In July, the Company was selected to develop and construct a 50 MW PV project in Shanxi Province , China , which will be one of the key demonstration projects of National Energy Administration's "Top Runner" program. 
 
In consideration of China's nationwide delay in subsidy allocation, long-term operation of large ground-mounted PV stations would require significant capital. Accordingly, the Company has adopted a more prudent approach to downstream project development business and is in active negotiations with certain leading corporations about potential sale of the PV projects developed by the Company. The Company has approximately 100MW of PV projects sold or close to sale to those parties. 
 
Expected Non-Cash Impairment Charge on Long Lived Assets in Third Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 
 
As a result of the lower-than-expected utilization of certain production facilities of the Company in the second quarter of 2015 and the expected continuation of such utilization in the remaining quarters of 2015, the Company has concluded that impairment triggering events have become apparent in the third quarter of 2015 and has begun the process of performing its long-lived asset impairment analysis with respect to those production facilities. While the impairment analysis has not been completed yet, the Company expects to recognize a significant amount of non-cash impairment charge on those production facilities in the third quarter of 2015, which will have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial results for the third quarter of 2015 and fiscal year 2015. 
 
Business Outlook for Third Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 
 
Third Quarter of 2015 
 
Based on current market conditions, the Company's current operating conditions, estimated production capacity and forecasted customer demand, the Company expects its PV module shipments to be in the estimated range of 550 MW to 580 MW for the quarter ending September 30, 2015 . 
 
Fiscal Year 2015 
 
Based on current market conditions, the Company's current operating conditions, estimated production capacity and forecasted customer demand, the Company expects its total PV module shipments to be 2.5 GW to 2.8 GW for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2015 . 
 
Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
To supplement the financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, this press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures of adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating loss, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income (loss), adjusted diluted earnings (loss) per ordinary share and per ADS and EBITDA, each of which (other than EBITDA) is adjusted to exclude, as applicable, items related to share-based compensation, interest expense related to the changes in the fair value of the interest-rate swap and the amortization of the debt discount, the amortization of intangible assets, inventory provision and non-cash provision for inventory purchase commitments. EBITDA excludes interest, tax expenses, depreciation and amortization. The Company believes excluding these items from its non-GAAP financial measures is useful for its management and investors to assess and analyze the Company's on-going performance as such items are not directly attributable to the underlying performance of the Company's business operations and/or do not impact its cash earnings. The Company also believes these non-GAAP financial measures are important to help investors understand the Company's current financial performance and future prospects and compare business trends among different reporting periods on a consistent basis. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP, but should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. For a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, please see the financial information included elsewhere in this press release. 
 
Currency Conversion 
 
Solely for the convenience of readers, certain Renminbi amounts have been translated into U.S. dollar amounts at the rate of RMB6.2000 to US$1.00 , the noon buying rate in New York for cable transfers of Renminbi per U.S. dollar as set forth in the H.10 weekly statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board as of June 30, 2015 . No representation is intended to imply that these translated Renminbi amounts could have been, or could be, converted, realized or settled into U.S. dollar amounts at such rate, or at any other rate. The percentages stated in this press release are calculated based on Renminbi amounts. 
 
Conference Call 
 
Yingli Green Energy will host a conference call and live webcast to discuss these results at 8:00 AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on September 8, 2015 , which corresponds to 8:00 PM Beijing/ Hong Kong time on the same day. 
 
The dial-in details for the live conference call are as follows: 
 
-- U.S. Toll Free Number: +1-866-519-4004 
 
-- International Dial-in Number: +1-845-675-0437 
 
-- Passcode: 14832918 
 
A live and archived webcast of the conference call will be available on the Investors section of Yingli Green Energy's website at www.yinglisolar.com . A replay will be available shortly after the call on Yingli Green Energy's website for 90 days. 
 
A replay of the conference call will be available until September 15, 2015 by dialing: 
 
-- U.S. Toll Free Number: +1-855-452-5696 
 
-- International Dial-in Number: +1-646-254-3697 
 
-- Passcode: 14832918 
 
About Yingli Green Energy 
 
Yingli Green Energy Holding Company Limited (NYSE: YGE), known as " Yingli Solar " or "Yingli", is one of the world's leading photovoltaic (PV) module manufacturers. Yingli Green Energy's manufacturing covers the photovoltaic value chain from ingot casting and wafering through solar cell production and PV module assembly. Headquartered in Baoding, China , Yingli Green Energy has more than 30 regional subsidiaries and branch offices and has distributed more than 13 GW solar panels to customers worldwide. For more information, please visit www.yinglisolar.com and join the conversation on Facebook , Twitter and Weibo . 
 
Safe Harbor Statement 
 
This press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements constitute "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "target" and similar statements. Such statements are based upon management's current expectations and current market and operating conditions, and relate to events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Yingli Green Energy's control. Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such statements. Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties or factors is included in Yingli Green Energy's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Yingli Green Energy does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under applicable law. 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Qing Miao 
Vice President of Corporate Communications 
Yingli Green Energy Holding Company Limited 
Tel: +86 312 8929787 
Email: ir@yingli.com 
  
YINGLI GREEN ENERGY HOLDING COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
(In thousands) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 31,2015 
 
 
June 30,2015 
 
 
 
RMB 
 
 
RMB 
 
 
US$ 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and restricted cash 
 
 
2,464,129 
 
 
1,776,784 
 
 
286,578 
 
Accounts receivable, net 
 
 
4,320,560 
 
 
3,854,423 
 
 
621,681 
 
Inventories 
 
 
2,020,290 
 
 
1,522,440 
 
 
245,555 
 
Prepayments to suppliers 
 
 
847,193 
 
 
877,746 
 
 
141,572 
 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 
1,941,446 
 
 
2,289,622 
 
 
369,294 
 
Total current assets 
 
 
11,593,618 
 
 
10,321,015 
 
 
1,664,680 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Long-term prepayments to suppliers 
 
 
668,808 
 
 
614,390 
 
 
99,095 
 
Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 
11,687,807 
 
 
11,055,028 
 
 
1,783,069 
 
Project assets 
 
 
1,619,613 
 
 
2,258,298 
 
 
364,242 
 
Land use rights 
 
 
604,608 
 
 
416,369 
 
 
67,156 
 
Intangible assets 
 
 
58,547 
 
 
58,485 
 
 
9,433 
 
Investment in and advances to affiliates 
 
 
443,100 
 
 
443,359 
 
 
71,509 
 
Other assets 
 
 
476,522 
 
 
250,019 
 
 
40,326 
 
Total assets 
 
 
27,152,623 
 
 
25,416,963 
 
 
4,099,510 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short-term borrowings, including current portion of medium notes and long-term debt 
 
 
9,752,969 
 
 
10,078,470 
 
 
1,625,560 
 
Accounts payable 
 
 
5,617,102 
 
 
5,432,205 
 
 
876,162 
 
Other current liabilities and accrued expenses 
 
 
3,109,849 
 
 
3,737,622 
 
 
602,842 
 
Total current liabilities 
 
 
18,479,920 
 
 
19,248,297 
 
 
3,104,564 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Long-term debt, excluding current portion 
 
 
2,861,665 
 
 
2,063,767 
 
 
332,866 
 
Medium-term notes 
 
 
1,700,000 
 
 
300,000 
 
 
48,387 
 
Accrued warranty cost, excluding current portion 
 
 
715,627 
 
 
752,696 
 
 
121,403 
 
Other liabilities 
 
 
2,469,105 
 
 
2,745,482 
 
 
442,819 
 
Total liabilities 
 
 
26,226,317 
 
 
25,110,242 
 
 
4,050,039 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ordinary shares 
 
 
13,791 
 
 
13,791 
 
 
2,224 
 
Additional paid-in capital 
 
 
7,244,999 
 
 
7,246,252 
 
 
1,168,750 
 
Treasury stock 
 
 
(127,331) 
 
 
(127,331) 
 
 
(20,537) 
 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 
323,332 
 
 
328,609 
 
 
53,001 
 
Accumulated deficit 
 
 
(8,015,574) 
 
 
(8,613,700) 
 
 
(1,389,306) 
 
Total deficit attributable to Yingli Green Energy 
 
 
(560,783) 
 
 
(1,152,379) 
 
 
(185,868) 
 
Non controlling interests 
 
 
1,487,089 
 
 
1,459,100 
 
 
235,339 
 
Total shareholders' equity 
 
 
926,306 
 
 
306,721 
 
 
49,471 
 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 
27,152,623 
 
 
25,416,963 
 
 
4,099,510 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
YINGLI GREEN ENERGY HOLDING COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
Unaudited Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
(In thousands, except for share, ADS, per share and per ADS data) 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended 
 
 
 
June 30, 2014 
 
 
March 31, 2015 
 
 
June 30, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
RMB 
 
 
RMB 
 
 
RMB 
 
 
US$ 
 
Net revenues: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sales of PV modules 
 
 
3,248,354 
 
 
2,682,294 
 
 
2,403,693 
 
 
387,692 
 
Sales of PV systems 
 
 
55,864 
 
 
62,507 
 
 
86,869 
 
 
14,011 
 
Other revenues 
 
 
104,684 
 
 
160,955 
 
 
225,539 
 
 
36,377 
 
Total net revenues 
 
 
3,408,902 
 
 
2,905,756 
 
 
2,716,101 
 
 
438,080 
 
Cost of revenues: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cost of PV modules sales 
 
 
(2,722,706) 
 
 
(2,284,443) 
 
 
(2,213,431) 
 
 
(357,005) 
 
Cost of PV systems sales 
 
 
(53,834) 
 
 
(54,244) 
 
 
(76,888) 
 
 
(12,401) 
 
Cost of other revenues 
 
 
(100,213) 
 
 
(156,230) 
 
 
(254,775) 
 
 
(41,092) 
 
Total cost of revenues 
 
 
(2,876,753) 
 
 
(2,494,917) 
 
 
(2,545,094) 
 
 
(410,498) 
 
Gross profit (loss) 
 
 
532,149 
 
 
410,839 
 
 
171,007 
 
 
27,582 
 
Selling expenses 
 
 
(314,272) 
 
 
(208,263) 
 
 
(257,077) 
 
 
(41,464) 
 
General and administrative expenses 
 
 
(178,386) 
 
 
(134,915) 
 
 
(1,659) 
 
 
(268) 
 
Research and development expenses 
 
 
(125,429) 
 
 
(134,058) 
 
 
(90,585) 
 
 
(14,611) 
 
Total operating expenses 
 
 
(618,087) 
 
 
(477,236) 
 
 
(349,321) 
 
 
(56,343) 
 
Income(Loss) from operations 
 
 
(85,938) 
 
 
(66,397) 
 
 
(178,314) 
 
 
(28,761) 
 
Other income (expense): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense 
 
 
(232,404) 
 
 
(236,820) 
 
 
(242,145) 
 
 
(39,056) 
 
Interest income 
 
 
9,178 
 
 
5,427 
 
 
7,396 
 
 
1,193 
 
Foreign currency exchange gains (losses) 
 
 
2,797 
 
 
(130,632) 
 
 
(10,281) 
 
 
(1,658) 
 
Other income 
 
 
14,078 
 
 
36,141 
 
 
30,220 
 
 
4,874 
 
Loss before income taxes 
 
 
(292,289) 
 
 
(392,281) 
 
 
(393,124) 
 
 
(63,408) 
 
Income tax (expense) benefit 
 
 
(1,213) 
 
 
(500) 
 
 
(232,593) 
 
 
(37,515) 
 
Net loss 
 
 
(293,502) 
 
 
(392,781) 
 
 
(625,717) 
 
 
(100,923) 
 
Less: Loss attributable to the non controlling interests 
 
 
8,344 
 
 
29,609 
 
 
27,591 
 
 
4,449 
 
Net loss attributable to Yingli Green Energy 
 
 
(285,158) 
 
 
(363,172) 
 
 
(598,126) 
 
 
(96,474) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Weighted average shares and ADSs outstanding 
 
Basic and diluted 
 
 
173,796,737 
 
 
181,763,770 
 
 
181,763,770 
 
 
181,763,770 
 
Loss per share and per ADS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Basic and diluted 
 
 
(1.64) 
 
 
(2.00) 
 
 
(3.29) 
 
 
(0.53) 
 
Net loss 
 
 
(293,502) 
 
 
(392,781) 
 
 
(625,717) 
 
 
(100,923) 
 
Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign currency exchange translation adjustment, net of nil tax 
 
 
745 
 
 
11,768 
 
 
4,879 
 
 
787 
 
Cash flow hedging derivatives, net of nil tax 
 
 
4,681 
 
 
431 
 
 
0 
 
 
0 
 
Comprehensive loss 
 
 
(288,076) 
 
 
(380,582) 
 
 
(620,838) 
 
 
(100,136) 
 
Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to the non controlling interest 
 
 
8,327 
 
 
28,632 
 
 
27,989 
 
 
4,514 
 
Comprehensive loss attributable to Yingli 
Green Energy 
 
 
(279,749) 
 
 
(351,950) 
 
 
(592,849) 
 
 
(95,622) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended 
 
 
 
June 30, 2014 
 
 
March 31, 2015 
 
 
June 30, 2015 
 
 
 
RMB 
 
 
RMB 
 
 
RMB 
 
 
US$ 
 
Non-GAAP loss attributable to Yingli Green Energy  
 
 
(274,978) 
 
 
(352,982) 
 
 
(596,856) 
 
 
(96,269) 
 
Share-based compensation 
 
 
(10,208) 
 
 
(10,190) 
 
 
(1,270) 
 
 
(205) 
 
Net loss attributable to Yingli Green Energy  
 
 
(285,158) 
 
 
(363,172) 
 
 
(598,126) 
 
 
(96,474) 
 
Non-GAAP diluted loss per share and per ADS 
 
 
(1.58) 
 
 
(1.94) 
 
 
(3.28) 
 
 
(0.53) 
 
Diluted loss per share and per ADS 
 
 
(1.64) 
 
 
(2.00) 
 
 
(3.29) 
 
 
(0.53) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
Reconciliation of EBITDA measures to income before income tax & minority interest measures 
 
 
 
Three months ended 
 
 
 
June 30, 2014 
 
 
March 31, 2015 
 
 
June 30, 2015 
 
 
 
RMB 
 
 
RMB 
 
 
RMB 
 
 
US$ 
 
Loss before income taxes and 
non-controlling interest 
 
 
(292,289) 
 
 
(392,281) 
 
 
(393,124) 
 
 
(63,408) 
 
Interest expense 
 
 
232,404 
 
 
236,820 
 
 
242,145 
 
 
39,055 
 
Interest income 
 
 
(9,178) 
 
 
(5,427) 
 
 
(7,396) 
 
 
(1,193) 
 
Depreciation 
 
 
342,784 
 
 
355,570 
 
 
353,141 
 
 
56,958 
 
Amortization for land use rights and 
intangible assets 
 
 
5,581 
 
 
5,139 
 
 
4,062 
 
 
655 
 
EBITDA 
 
 
 
279,302 
 
 
199,821 
 
 
198,828 
 
 
32,067 
  
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/yingli-green-energy-reports-second-quarter-2015-results-300138912.html

Studio 247 Fine Jewelry opened Sept. 1, 2015 in Grand Chute. (Photo: File) 

Studio 247 Fine Jewelry opened Tuesday at 247 S. Nicolet Road in Grand Chute. 

Its large, luxurious jewelry boutique space, between Willows Bend and Gather Americana, is familiar to high-end shoppers as it once was Earth Resources founded by the late John Barlow and owned by his daughter Alice. 

Studio 247 is making good use of Earth Resources’ wood-trimmed glass jewelry cases and counters for its red carpet-worthy classic necklaces and earrings. 

Craig Slavens, Studio 247 co-owner, knows the space well as he was a jewelry designer at Earth Resources for three years, several years before its 2012 closure. 

Studio 247 is a different kind of jewelry store, he said, because it doesn’t just carry high-end and custom jewelry. 

Bracelet designed by Craig Slavens of Studio 247 Fine Jewelry in Grand Chute.   (Photo: Courtesy of Craig Slavens) 

“We have unusual, one-of-a-kind pieces in every price range,” he said. 

“It has upscale decor, and we love the space, but we want everyone to feel comfortable. Sure, we want the $40,000 sale, but we don’t want someone with a few hundred to spend to feel out of place. One woman just purchased a pair of amber earrings for $245.” 

He and shop co-owner Milada Rice added wedding rings and displays of wear-everyday jewelry that can be as little as $50 for a handmade pair of sterling silver earrings. An estate jewelery counter includes cameos that had been photographed for Vogue. 

Rice is also assembling a side room of vintage accessories, starting with her grandmother’s own high-end collection of handbags, shoes and hats. Their family operates Rice Family Industries and Waupaca Elevator Co. 

Slavens, a Californian, is a gemologist, designer and expert on both rare pink diamonds and diamond grading. One of his designs in the shop is a pink pear-shaped diamond ring for $42,500. 

A rare pink pear-shaped diamond is paired with white diamonds in Craig Slavens' "bypass" ring design.   (Photo: Courtesy of Craig Slavens) 

When he learned this space was available, he began working on a plan for it with the Rice family.  After Earth Resources, he moved to Arkansas, near family, and continued to design and manufacture his own high end jewelry line. He earned an American Gem Trade Association Spectrum Design Award for a bridal necklace in 2012. 

The new jewelry shop could easily fit into a larger city. 

“I like Wisconsin, I like the people, the seasons, the cost of living,” he said. “You may sell more elsewhere, but you have a higher overhead. I enjoy the customers here. They’re real.” 

Meanwhile, Rice said anyone who knew Slavens would be happy he has returned. “Everyone loves Craig,” she said. “He’s down to earth and very kind.” 

For more information: see Facebook or call 920-903-8716. A website  is under construction. 

— Maureen Wallenfang: 920-993-7116, or mwallenfang@postcrescent.com; on Twitter @wallenfang 

Read or Share this story: http://post.cr/1UxmbXV

I have a praise report.  We were praying for Susan's brother who was suicidal.  Susan said that thanks to our prayers and fasting, her brother has a new job and is on his feet again.  She is very grateful.  Thanks.

Copyright 2015 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/. Transcript ARI SHAPIRO, HOST: Another Putin conversation caught our eye this morning. A news alert said Russian president Putin asked Elton John not to feel offended over earlier prank phone call. We had to learn more, so we reached Bridget Kendall, the BBC's diplomatic correspondent, who is at least partially responsible for today's Putin-Elton summit. BRIDGET KENDALL: (Laughter). SHAPIRO: Welcome to the program. KENDALL: Well, it's not a summit yet. They haven't yet quite met face to face. SHAPIRO: Well, explain how this pop star renowned for "Candle In The Wind," "Crocodile Rock," songs from "The Lion King" wound up on the phone with the Russian president? KENDALL: Well, the important thing to understand is that Elton John isn't just a pop star. He's also, these days, a very active gay rights campaigner. And a couple of weeks ago, I caught up with him in Kiev in Ukraine and did an interview with him. We were talking about gay rights in Russia and Ukraine - quite a lot of problems with gay rights in Russia. They have laws which ban what they call homosexual propaganda. So asked him out of the blue, really, would you like to meet President Putin? And he immediately said, oh, yes, I'd love to do that; I'd love to sit down with him and have a cup of tea, he said in a very British way. So we thought that was great, and we put it out. We didn't think that it would go anywhere. But look where we are today. They've been talking on the phone. SHAPIRO: Well, between those two events, I was living in London up until last week and remember seeing headlines that Elton John posted on his Instagram account a photo of Vladimir Putin and said, what a delight it was to talk with Putin about LGBT issues. And then we learned that in fact, he wasn't talking to the real Putin. KENDALL: We called him people, and they said, yeah, no - definitely it was Vladimir Putin. We were absolutely sure it was. The Kremlin, though, was a bit silent for a bit, and then they came out and said, no, that wasn't us. SHAPIRO: So it was pranksters. KENDALL: When you think of it, you know, Elton John's office probably doesn't very often get calls Russian politicians, and how were they to know this President Putin in inverted comas would've been speaking Russian through a translator? It probably was quite hard to tell. But the Kremlin answered in a very interesting way. In the - they said, well, you know, they really ought to apologize to the British singer. And they also said they weren't against the idea of President Putin meeting Elton John. So I thought we got to keep an eye on this. And indeed today, when he was out in Southern Russia talking to people about the harvest, the Russian president apparently took time out of his schedule to call Elton John. Apparently, according to the Kremlin, he did it through the Russian ambassador in London. And apparently, perhaps not surprisingly, Elton John's office were a bit wary about whether this might be another prank, and it took him some time to persuade them. This time, the Russian president really did want to talk to him. But I spoke to his office not that long ago, and they said it had indeed taken place, this conversation, and they were very happy with it. And they were now looking at diaries to try and meet up. SHAPIRO: And do we know if there was any substantive conversation about LGBT issues, which was the original reason that Elton John wanted to speak to the Russian president? KENDALL: The impression I got from both sides was that they called in order to make formal contact to say that the two sides were ready to meet. And if they are going to sit down and talk about gay rights, that will happen face to face, which would be a very interesting meeting to eavesdrop on - don't know if that'll be possible. SHAPIRO: Bridget Kendall, diplomatic correspondent for the BBC, thank you so much for filling us in on this story. KENDALL: My pleasure. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.

Chicago P.D. 's Burgess ( Marina Squerciati ) and Ruzek ( Patrick Fluege r) just got engaged in the season finale, but they may not make it down the aisle! "Their story going forward is this dawning realization for Burgess: Is [Ruzek] just into being engaged?" executive producer Matt Olmstead tells TVGuide.com . "He was engaged when she met him. People buy you rounds of beer, you get to show off the ring. But in terms of picking a date and getting married, that's the divide between the two of them. Is this real or is this just a fantasy someone is playing out?" Catch up on all this week's Mega Buzz There are of course other obstacles to their eventual wedding. Even though Burgess is done with Intelligence and back on patrol with Roman ( Brian Geraghty ), there may still be some interdepartmental issues. "It complicates things because two cops who are going to get married is different than being two mail carriers," Olmstead says. "There are different risks involved." Crave scoop on your favorite TV shows? E-mail questions to mega_scoop@tvguide.com or drop us a line at Twitter.com/TVGuide Other Links From TVGuide.com

Iran's supreme leader says world powers must lift international sanctions and not merely suspend them as part of a landmark nuclear agreement. 

Speaking to a group of clerics, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said "there will be no deal" if the sanctions are not lifted. His remarks were read by a state TV anchorman. 

Khamenei says some U.S. officials have spoken of the "suspension" of the sanctions, which he says is unacceptable. He says Iran will only partially comply with its commitments if the sanctions are merely suspended. 

U.S. President Barack Obama recently secured enough support to prevent the Republican-led Congress from blocking the deal. The agreement would curb Iran's nuclear activities in return for sanctions relief.

PRINCETON, Ill. (WLS) -- 
Illinois State Police have suspended their search for escaped prisoner Joshua Drinnon near Princeton, officials said. 
Police say the suspect is still at large, and that calls regarding the escapee are being investigated on a case-by-case basis by the United States Marshall Service. 

 
Drinnon escaped a private transport vehicle Wednesday afternoon near mile marker 51 on I-80 near the Great Sauk Trail rest area. Police say he was last seen fleeing on foot into a field north of the rest area. 
Anyone with information on Drinnon's whereabouts are encouraged to contact police. 
 
(Copyright ©2015 WLS-TV. All Rights Reserved.)

President Obama opened a three-day series of meetings at the United Nations on Sunday by calling on all countries to "step up" efforts to eradicate poverty, and by scheduling a meeting on Tuesday with Cuban counterpart Raul Castro. 

Addressing a U.N. meeting on sustainable development, Obama said that the world has made progress on reducing hunger, improving the treatment of disease, and lifting people out of poverty, but challenges remain. 

"Our work is nowhere near done," Obama told delegates who gathered for the annual opening of the U.N. General Assembly. 

Development programs are working, Obama said, but results can improve if the U.S. and other countries can address such issues as bad governance; gender, racial, and income inequality; fulfilling the economic potential of Africa; and the ravages of wars. 

Obama also cited the global challenge he plans to emphasize throughout his U.N. meetings: climate change. "All of our countries will be affected by a changing climate," Obama said, especially poorer nations. 

As Obama flew to New York City aboard Air Force One early Sunday, the White House announced an addition to his U.N. schedule: the Tuesday meeting with Castro, Obama's second face-to-face with the communist leader since the U.S. and Cuba restored diplomatic relations in late 2014. 

They met in April on the sidelines of a Summit of Americas meeting in Panama. The two also spoke by phone earlier this month, before the visit of Pope Francis to both Cuba and the United States. 

This is Castro's first trip to the annual opening of the U.N. General Assembly. 

After speaking at a mid-afternoon meeting on the U.N.'s global development agenda, Obama visited the U.S. mission to the United Nations to meet with employees and their families. 

Obama turns to domestic politics Sunday evening as he delivers remarks at a Democratic National Committee LGBT gala. 

In addition to his annual address to the countries that make up the U.N. General Assembly — something Obama will do Monday morning — United Nations week gives the president a chance to meet one-on-one with a select group of other world leaders. 

In addition to Castro, Obama's meeting list this year includes India Prime Minister Narendra Modi, President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan, and a potentially tense session with Russia President Vladimir Putin. 

Topics for the Putin meeting include U.S. objections to what it calls Russian aggression in Ukraine and concern about a Russian military build-up in Syria. 

"Our support for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine will be front and center throughout our discussions," said Ben Rhodes, Obama's deputy national security adviser for strategic communications. 

U.S. officials have also criticized Russian support for embattled Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad. 

Putin, who authorized a Russian annexation of the Ukraine area, says he will protect the interests of ethnic Russians in eastern Ukraine, and still objects to what he has called a 2014 "coup" of a pro-Russian leader in Ukraine. 

As for Syria, Putin says he wants to help fight the Islamic State, and he criticized the U.S. for backing Syrian rebels seeking to topple Assad. 

The American "provision of military support to illegal structures runs counter to the principles of modern international law and the United Nations charter," Putin said on CBS' 60 Minutes. 

The White House also said Sunday that, during his Air Force One flight, Obama spoke by phone with Chilean President  Michelle Bachelet. 

In addition to discussing the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, Obama also offered Bachelet condolences for a Sept. 16 earthquake in Chile "and inquired about the status of rebuilding and recovery efforts." 

Follow @djusatoday on Twitter

WhereScape ,
a provider of automation software for modeling, building and extending
data warehouses and analytic systems, announced today that Canadian
National Railways and Union Bank will present WhereScape automation use
cases next week at TDWI
San Diego . 

On Tuesday, Sept. 22, Alain Bond, business intelligence manager for
Canadian National Railways, will present Canadian
National Railways Rides Automation to Better Customer Service and Safety at the TDWI Executive Summit. According to Bond, in every organization,
there is some degree of shadow IT within business units that are driven
to deliver point solutions faster than IT typically delivers. Bond is
leading a group at Canadian Railway that is using WhereScape RED,
WhereScape’s flagship automation software for iterative rapid
prototyping within its agile methodology and will discuss how this
“alternate development path” is expediting “game-changing” development
at Canadian Railway. 

According to Bond, this path “should not be a slow and procedural
process requiring tons of upfront documents and analysis before even
showing any glimpse of value to our end users.” Canadian Railway’s
successes using WhereScape RED have been so great that Bond has
proclaimed that “ETL development as we know it is dead.” Even more
significant is the fact that more timely access to data will enable
Canadian Railway to further improve customer service and safety. 

On Thursday, Sept. 24, Ryan Fenner, vice president of enterprise
architecture for Union Bank, will present how WhereScape RED is enabling
his organization to tailor analytics implementations to their individual
needs in his case study entitled, Data
Analytics Federation vs. Centralization: When and Where It Makes Sense .
Union Bank is presently formulating a plan to centralize key analytics
teams, technologies, and processes. Fenner’s compelling use case will
walk attendees through Union Bank’s journey and the guidelines used to
make decisions on where and when to centralize these functions, and to
what extent. Union Bank uses WhereScape RED in its Greenplum and
Microsoft SQL Server enterprise data warehouse and shadow IT
environments. 

 Build a Data Warehouse in Two Hours with WhereScape RED  

WhereScape will host a TDWI Hands-On Lab on Wednesday, Sept. 23
entitled, Data
Warehouse Automation: Build a Fully Functional, Documented Data
Warehouse in 2 Hours! Whether a development team is building its
first enterprise data warehouse, business-targeted data marts, a tier of
reporting services, or the renovation or migration of an existing
warehouse or mart, WhereScape RED provides a compelling automation
alternative to complex and expensive do-it-yourself development
environments. 

According to TDWI, building a data warehouse is among the most
labor-intensive and time-consuming activities of BI development. There
are so many moving parts—requirements, source data analysis,
source-target mapping, data acquisition, data transformation logic, ETL
design, database loading, scheduling, error handling—and getting it
right the first time isn’t easy. When organizations finally do get it
right, something changes. 
 
“Attendees of this fast-paced, hands-on lab will learn first-hand how to
greatly accelerate data warehouse and analytic platform development and
change cycles while simultaneously assuring quality and consistency,”
said WhereScape President Mark Budzinski. “The productivity improvements
of up to 10x afforded by WhereScape RED enables organizations to deliver
accurate data to the business faster than ever thought possible.” 

 About WhereScape  

WhereScape designs, develops, sells and supports WhereScape
3D , the industry’s first data warehouse discovery tool; and WhereScape
RED , the industry’s leading integrated development environment for
building, deploying, managing and renovating data warehouses and
analytic systems. WhereScape’s products are used in every kind of
today’s commercial environment: from normal-form enterprise data
warehouses and data vaults, through user access layers and tiers of
dependent data marts, to standalone data marts and reporting systems. 

More than 700 customers are active and satisfied users of our
technologies, and report that with WhereScape’s products they are able
to build data warehouses with fewer people, few if any diversions,
missed deadlines or unmet user expectations, and in record time: in days
or weeks, instead of months or years. WhereScape has offices in
Portland, Oregon; Auckland, New Zealand; and Reading, UK. For more
information, please visit us.wherescape.com . 

All products or company names herein may be trademarks of their
respective owners. 



View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/201509170051

So you know before you go any additional… After all literary critique, not, like, constructive critique (or destructive critique, which I think of will be formative in its individual way.) For some thing down many lines, see on this website and right here. 
 
A career in academia usually requires a variety of twists and spins. My University or college of Venus co-workers is a prosperous cross-area of the many ways we could go after be successful in advanced schooling. My very own direction was pretty simple and easy, for considerably better or even more serious; most days and nights I believe much better. 
 
If there have been twists and becomes, they are generally interior. Once I got tenure and became a office lounge chair, I believed more details about becoming an administrator. Not really whether or not to end up being a particular, but what exactly the deliver the results way and the way to accomplish it top. I thought about the main difference between administering and primary; I picked up the things it intended to be visioning, and (or?) to be visualizing logically.  But I also considered my hue-coded Custom Dissertation and seen that slots relating to managing, in lieu of creating, had been more prevalent. I didn’t experience the very thought of a lot more numerous years in that work along with a GCal that appeared individuals. 
 
When I navigated just what it signifies as a online digital scholastic (a little something I’m today authoring on somewhere else), I evolved an individuality through social media – someone linked, anybody networked, plus the substance place of consistently trying to learn and thriving that this kind of personal identity confers. There is a lot of wonderful writing on the market to the purpose of social sites in acquiring and cultivating id, but I’ll just primary individuals to just one of one of the best authors on the subject, Rey Junco. Whilst loads of his job targets students, it appears to be for me that many of us may just be in your comparable see as our learners, studying our own selves. 
 
Checking out my GCal, considering showing a deal with for that encounters I come in contact with (to paraphrase T. S. Eliot) internet and away, and achieving to a point in my livelihood wherever I really could flip a little more of my focus on authoring and researching, I purchased to wanting to know where exactly I may try to find devices, probably new models. Right After I train, We have a more than likely irritating practice of expressing “I wish to be so-and-when I build up” to speak about authors I am just certainly excited about. Simply because of a few things i instruct, both individuals who buy this therapy relatively routinely are George Eliot and Virginia Woolf.  (Go ahead and speculate on which this suggests about me.) But once I last but not least have a chance to take a seat and catch up on to come back challenges of your New York Analysis of Literature, or I’m diving into critique and primary research for my own personal creating, or I am transported a novel to review, I come across other types:  Zadie Smith, Stephen Gill, Seamus Perry, Maria DiBattista, Robert Spoo. 
 
Educating, mixed with wondering much more about my producing and developing some new developments, has become me concerned about precisely how, to acquire a literary critic or scholar of literature or whathaveyou, critique is often a blog for personal identity evolution. An innovative way to bear in mind or control persons twists and becomes.  When I’m training scholars about the deliver the results of literary criticism, I usually take a look at just how the locations we are enthusiastic about searching alot more profoundly by way of literature originate from http://dissertationcheap.com/custom-dissertation/ - it is not at all times specific, but it’s a portion of the formula. 
 
I became just recently finding out about and publishing a convention cardstock on Virginia Woolf’s dad, Leslie Stephen, a now type of ignored critic of the Victorian interval whose undertake the poet William Wordsworth affirms a whole lot more about Stephen than it does about Wordsworth.  I discovered , by myself composing an extremely strange digression in the heart of my paper. It moved like this: 
 
One of the many options I really hope this newspaper has lit is that often pundits discover methods of currently being off their things, even while the repair of critique additionally, the all round performance of critic is but a reflection, and that if we understand it or otherwise, our company is drawn to produce critique on subject areas that meet with who we are as mankind and who we should be. We can imagine types in our own personal selves because we produce readings that will be editions of the themes. Conceivably many of us would acquire more total satisfaction within duties when we reclaimed a minimum of one small percentage of this a sense of the things it usually means to be a critic, as built-in and interconnected in some sort of all natural tactic to the rest of our way of life. 
 
Good, I chop that continue sentence within the authentic demonstration – but while I didn’t know to start with the actual way it was that this crazy tangent popped out once i was covering an obscure Victorian, I do believe I realize since some thing relating to this critic seeing a poet who spoke to him in a time of superb suffering, after which it sensation compelled to produce an essay to fix it, really resonated with me.  The  on Wordsworth that surfaced from Stephen’s checking out will not be particularly particular except if you know things concerning biographical origins (going back to Wordsworth inside periods once his initial wife’s unpredicted passing away).  But the call to come up with a writer who strikes some nerve, and afterwards maybe think of a adaptation of you that links to the creator through the incredibly act of critique – I do believe I found myself dealing with — in public places —  some idea of the need of that advance. 
 
Regardless of the twists and turns my work or competent individuality as a possible school could possibly undertake, I always return to the books, the freelance writers, along with the other critics who maintain me and continue to show me. Normally i get back to them in search of new tips on how to be. read here

FIGHTING FOR IT: UWC’s Ryan Steer and NMMU’s Karabo Mothlabi during their Varsity Football match at NMMU yesterday Picture: SASPA 
 
NMMU Madibaz managed to record their first Varsity Football competition win this year after beating log-leaders University of the Western Cape 2-1 at Madibaz Stadium last night. 
 
The win for Madibaz at home was the perfect end to their Varsity Football campaign, despite not reaching the semifinals. 
 
Meanwhile, the visitors were hoping to end the competition on a high note. 
 
UWC did not need the points as they are already through to the semifinals. 
 
This was the Western Cape side’s first defeat in this year’s competition. 
  
Madibaz have had a nightmare of a season, having recorded two draws and suffering four consecutive defeats. 
 
Just five minutes into the game, UWC player Thulani Mkosi’s attempt at goal went wide. 
 
Mkosi kept on knocking in search of an opening goal for his side, but his shot was saved by Madibaz defender Lundi Balfour in the 13th minute. 
 
The home side opened the scoring when Cloudius Sagandira’s shot beat the UWC’s goalkeeper Reon October in the 20th minute. 
 
Two minutes later, Achuma Klass extended the score for the Madibaz to 2-0. 
 
After multiple attempts, UWC’s Mkosi finally found the back of the net just before half time. 
 -Vuyokazi Nkanjeni   
The post appeared first on HeraldLIVE .

RANDOM Hugh Sheridan sightings during the filming of Boar last month set more than a few hearts aflutter in the Gympie region, and now the Aussie star has further endeared himself to our region by talking us up on national television. 
 
He told Larry Emdur and Kylie Gillies - and all of Australia - on The Morning Show last week that when he first heard he would be filming for the horror film near "Gympie" he asked "where's Gympie?" 
 
"But we travelled around that region and it's actually really beautiful," he said in the interview. 
 
"It's amazing." 
 
Hugh went on to tell Larry and Kylie he spent all of his down time during the filming exploring the region, especially nearby coastal spots and, as a few lucky locals experienced, the local watering hole and shopping centre. 
 
The multi-talented "nice bloke" is also - serendipitously - the face of the Nestlé Choose Wellness Movement, which encourages Aussies to improve their lifestyle through a balanced diet, regular exercise and a positive attitude. 
 
The Nestle factory in Pine St is a large employer and industry in Gympie. 
 
Hugh described Boar in the Morning Show interview as a "crazy, exciting horror film" and said John Jarratt actually plays a "nice guy" in the film, whereas he (Hugh) plays a character everyone will hope gets killed. 
 
Hugh is home from the United States to lead the Nestlé Choose Wellness Roadshow from now until October 10. 
 
He became a household name playing Ben Rafter on Packed to the Rafters, but is also an accomplished singer, dancer and wildlife warrior, and will this year compete in the New York Marathon for the Australian Wildlife Conservancy. 
 
The Nestlé Choose Wellness survey asked people from across the nation about their emotional and physical well-being and discovered Baby Boomers were the most physically active of any other generation and were one-third more likely to do physical activity than other generations. The Movement "is about you, making a choice today for a healthier tomorrow," Hugh says.

A TULLIBODY care home is “delighted” to have received an Eat Safe Award from Clackmannanshire Council. 
 
The Orchard Care Home, run by HC-One, was handed the accolade during a special presentation last Wednesday morning. 
 
The award is given to food businesses that have achieved standards of food hygiene which surpass legal requirements. 
 
It is managed by Food Standards Scotland and administered in the Wee County by the local authority’s Environmental Health Team which is responsible for regulating food businesses. 
 
The Orchard’s award was presented by the Provost and local councillor Tina Murphy, in the main dining room in front of residents. 
 
Manager Jane Aitken, said: “The Orchard is delighted to have received this award from Councillor Tina Murphy. 
 
“I am extremely proud of the level of food hygiene within The Orchard, and the level of hard work and commitment that the cook, Susanne Stirling, and all the kitchen staff display.” 
 
Provost Murphy, added: “I was delighted to present the award as it pays tribute to the high standard of food preparation at The Orchard. 
 
“Good food is essential as we get older and it is clear that Susanne and staff take this seriously. The award was achieved by the hard work and dedication from The Orchard’s cook and kitchen staff.” 
 
Alongside the Eat Safe Award, the team at The Orchard were also pleased to have received an excellent report from the Care Inspectorate. 
 
The report shows that the home received the top mark in five of the eight categories. 
 
HC-One is also celebrating achieving a 9.3 average rating on the sector’s leading care home comparison website carehome.co.uk. The high rating puts HC-One homes into the very best company in the care home sector.

::Momma Disclosure::  Labor Day weekend was kicked off with some good family fun! If you have kids you have been to some version of a pizza and games place. As adults, I like to go where I can enjoy the games or rides with my kids and eat well. Which is why we really like visiting IT'Z their buffet is large and has a good selection of food, and it's not all pizza. The games, I feel, are very well-rounded and have more of an indoor amusement park type feel. So much that; my Santi was finally tall enough to enjoy his first time on the bumper cars and his first time on a roller coaster! As, I died slowly watching him from below. I am not one to get in on the action, I can't. He was so brave, him and my Sister-in-Law got on the wild ride. And, I survived. He did amazing. He loved it.  Mean while Camila enjoyed all the rides and games she was tall enough to ride. The #SummerSizzle event was a good deal for a big family like us. It was the best way for us to start our weekend off. The kids of course always have fun and were so tired they knocked out as soon as we got home. Always good for this Momma.  Our visit to IT'Z set the mood for the rest of the weekend. Which was to be adventurous and keep going! Which we did all weekend long.  What about you, how did you enjoy your Labor Day weekend?

Mountain bikers who thought they had missed their chance to ride South Africa’s most beautiful race, the Liberty Cape Winelands MTB Encounter, have another chance to enter thanks to an added investment from the title sponsor. 
 
Co-organiser Wynand de Villiers of ASG Events confirmed that Liberty had increased its commitment for the second edition of the three-stage race, which takes place from April 15 to 17 next year. 
 
The 180km event showcases the finest Western Cape mountain biking terrain as it traverses the beautiful Boland mountains, valleys and vineyards between the historic towns of Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Wellington. 
 
According to De Villiers, the enlarged sponsorship had enabled organisers to expand the hosting capacity of each of the registration and race venues, which include the Lanzerac Hotel, Le Franschhoek Hotel and Kleinevalleij Estate. 
 
“We can now comfortably accommodate 300 teams at the event, which means we are re-opening our entry portal and making a further hundred team entries available.” 
 
He said entries would close once the additional slots had been filled. 
 
His fellow organiser, Johan Kriegler of MTB Adventures, added that his route building teams were already hard at work perfecting the trails ahead of the event. 
 
“In the Boland, we’ve got the mountains, awesome fynbos and fauna, great trails and stunning venues that all complement one another. 
 
“It’s a perfect fit and not something you’re going to find anywhere else in South Africa.” 
 
Kriegler, who is also the founder of some of the most popular multistage mountain biking events in the country, said the secret of a great race was to strive for an unequalled mix of trails, view and venues. 
 
“Life is all about doing everything in balance. Most riders want a great time on the bike, exploring nature, having a good workout and still getting back to the race village by lunchtime to swap war stories.” 
 
He said the daily stages would be a manageable 55km to 70km, with climbs not exceeding 1 500m. 
 
“We’re cutting out all the unnecessary climbs and building contour trails to create spectacular vistas with maximum impact. 
 
“You want to build a trail where the scenery surprises you. Where a tunnel through dense vegetation suddenly opens up, or a winding trail turns another corner, and delivers a breath-taking view.” 
 
While some of the trails would be open to the public, Kriegler said the key linking sections would be exclusively used by the race. 
 
Enter at www.capewinelands.capetown .

SAN FRANCISCO, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 09/15/15 -- VigLink , the leading platform for content-driven commerce, today announced global partnerships with France-based affiliate network Effinity and India-based affiliate network vCommission. These partnerships will expand VigLink's global footprint to over 700 advertisers and offer publishers a powerful way to monetize their content in international marketplaces, as well as offer advertisers effective transcontinental marketing channels. 

Effinity is the first affiliation consultancy agency in France and will help VigLink build a larger network in Europe. vCommission is India's largest affiliate network that will provide VigLink creative advertising solutions and partnerships across the Asian subcontinent. Merchants and advertisers within Effinity and vCommission's combined international network include Amazon India, Flipkart, MakeMyTrip, Snapdeal, Paytm, PriceMinister (Rakuten), Nespresso, Deezer and The Kooples. 
     
"We recognized opportunities for new growth in Europe and Southeast Asia and selected network leaders Effinity and vCommission to partner with," said Oliver Roup, Founder and CEO of VigLink. "These partnerships represent a strategic move to offer unparalleled competitive opportunities for our publishers and pave the way for global content monetization. We are excited to have Effinity and vCommission at the helms of our international growth." 

"We have an active community of over 600 advertisers always looking to tap into international revenue streams," said Christophe Bosquet, CEO of Effinity. "VigLink's strong relationships with publishers and market leading technology make them the ideal international partner." 

"VigLink's technology is very interesting and innovative. I'm sure their worldwide reach will give our clients wide exposure across all genres," said Parul Bhargava, CEO of vCommission. "We are excited to partner with VigLink and expand offerings to publications across the world. We are confident the partnership will lead to significant growth for both companies." 

About VigLink 
The largest network of its kind, VigLink monetizes content that drives commerce for over 300,000 sites and works with more than 40,000 merchants to drive sales. Each month, VigLink processes more than 10 billion page views and over 500 million clicks. Founded in 2009 and based in San Francisco, VigLink is backed by top investors including Google Ventures, First Round Capital, Emergence Capital, RRE, Foundry Group and Costanoa Venture Capital. www.viglink.com 

About Effinity 
Effinity creates, develops and implements digital acquisition campaigns. Effinity aims to meet the needs of the leading e-commerce players (advertisers, agencies, publishers) through influencer marketing. Effinity offers expertise by sector (effinity STYLE, effinity HOME, effinity B2B), technology solutions for partner management (effinity Marketing Technologies) and product flows (effinity PEAKSELL) and creative approaches (studio setting in relation to bloggers). Effinity's network encompasses 45,000 publishers and 600 advertisers across France, Europe and Latam. For additional information, visit Effinity Partners at www.effinity.partners . 

About vCommission 
vCommission is India's Leading Affiliate Network delivering performance on web & mobile to top Indian brands through a growing network of 17,500 affiliates. 

vCommission is a 100% subsidiary of Adways VC India Pvt. Ltd. which is a JV with Tokyo Stock Exchange listed company Adways Inc. (Japan), the No.1 Affiliate Marketing company in Asia on PC & Mobile. 

For additional information, visit www.vcommission.com 

Media Contacts: 
Cameron Smead 
Karbo Communications for VigLink 
925.785.7872 
Email Contact 

Sweety Ghuman 
415.255.6512 
Email Contact

    Please Note - Streaming News is only available to subscribers to the Active Level and above     BFN   Tim Jones, Financial Director, bought 38 shares in the company on the 28th August 2015 at a price of 360.00p. The Director now holds 43,386 shares. 
NOTE: Co's SIP. 
Story provided by StockMarketWire.com 
Director deals data provided by www.directorsholdings.com

Footage from cockpit cameras in the  vintage jet involved in the Shoreham disaster has revealed the  aircraft showed "no abnormal indications" during the flight, according to  air crash investigators. 
 
The interim report  by the Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) also noted that the video showed the 1950s Hawker Hunter jet "appeared to be responding to the pilot's control inputs". 
 
Eleven people died when the plane  plummeted on to the A27 in West  Sussex during the Shoreham Airshow on August 22. 
 
The jet failed to pull out of a loop-the-loop stunt before crashing on to the road, exploding into a fireball. 
 
The pilot, Andrew Hill,  was left fighting for his life and has been moved to a specialist hospital for treatment. 
 
The AAIB said the plane went into the manoeuvre at 200 feet. 
 
David Learmount, a former pilot and RAF flying instructor, claimed the crash would not have happened if the plane had started at a higher altitude. 
 
He told the Press Association:  "When you go into a vertical manoeuvre you tend to go out of it in the same height you go in, but it's easy to come out of it slightly lower - you don't have to take much of a misjudgement to do that. 
 
"If you go into it low you have reduced the room for error." 
 
Mr Learmount, who is consulting editor of Flightglobal online magazine, added: " If he had been 500 feet when he entered the manoeuvre and done exactly the same thing 11 people would be alive today." 
 
The AAIB found that the pilot and his seat were thrown from the cockpit as the plane hit the ground.  The investigation has not yet determined whether this was caused by an attempted ejection or the impact of the crash. 
 
According to the interim report the Hawker Hunter was not fitted with a flight recorder but there were  two "image recording cameras" mounted within the cockpit. 
   Promoted stories   
One was located between the two seats, giving a partial view of the pilot and instrument panel, as well as a view through the cockpit canopy and windscreen. 
 
The report stated: "To date no abnormal indications have been identified. 
 
"Throughout the flight, the aircraft appeared to be responding to the pilot's control inputs." 
 
The other camera was mounted at the base of the windscreen looking over the nose. 
 
The preliminary report noted that investigators have  received a "large amount" of video and photographs of the aircraft from various locations around Shoreham Airport, where the airshow was taking place. 
 
Many of these are in  high definition and will be analysed in a bid to determine the parameters of the jet's manoeuvres, including flight path and speed. 
 
The AAIB said  the pilot carried out a pre-flight inspection before taking off from North Weald Airfield, Essex, to fly to Shoreham and there were "no reported defects". 
 
The document added: "The pilot was described as being in good spirits and looking forward to the flight." 
 
Most of the aircraft w reckage has been recovered and sent to the AAIB's headquarters in Farnborough, Hampshire. Work continues to locate some small pieces of the plane. 
   
 Share article  
   
The victims have been named as retired engineer  James Graham Mallinson, 72, from Newick,  near Lewes;  window cleaner and  general builder Mark Trussler, 54, from Worthing; cycling friends Dylan Archer,  42, from Brighton, and Richard Smith, 26, from Hove; NHS manager Tony  Brightwell, 53, from Hove; grandfather Mark Reeves, 53, from Seaford; Worthing  United footballers Matthew Grimstone and Jacob Schilt, both 23; personal trainer  Matt Jones, 24; wedding chauffeur Maurice Abrahams, 76; and Daniele Polito, 23,  from Worthing. 
 
The inquest into their deaths was opened and adjourned at a hearing in Horsham on Wednesday.

HUNTSVILLE, AL (WAFF) - 

Dozens of local children helped to raise money on Friday to cure cancer.

They hopped on their bikes and riding toys at 9 a.m. Friday morning at the Mayfair Church of Christ.

Kids from age 2 years old and up participated in the hour-long ride. The race was dedicated to a former student who is currently battling leukemia. The money the children raised will go to St. Jude's Children's Hospital.

"They are so pumped this morning, it's just excitement all around," said Norma Anderson, the Director of Mayfair Child Development Center.

Some of the kids also said they were ready to ride.

"Because we're raising money for the sick kids, and we're helping," said Anderson. "We want to make sure we're doing what we can to help," said Anderson.

For the past seven years, children at Mayfair's Child Development Center have been taking part in this event to help cure childhood cancer. 

They've have raised more than $25,000 for St. Jude's to date.

Copyright 2015 WAFF. All rights reserved. 

Report an Error

Chinese President Xi Jinping welcomed Sudan’s President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, an accused war criminal, as an “old friend” on Tuesday, as China’s foreign ministry defended his invite to a military parade to mark the end of World War Two. The Hague-based International Criminal Court (ICC) issued arrest warrants for Bashir in 2009 and 2010, accusing him of masterminding genocide and other atrocities in his campaign to crush a revolt in the western Darfur region. 
 (read on here …)

Actor Martin Milner, whose work as Officer Pete Malloy introduced generations of Americans to a tough and honorable policeman on Adam-12, died on Sunday. » E-Mail This News : NPR

   Menu LISTEN    World World No Title «DONATE Search Shows Marketplace Morning Report Weekend Marketplace Tech Mid-Day Update Marketplace Money (Archive) QuickLinks Latest Stories
Marketplace Music
Podcasts
York & Fig Topics Home Shows Business Economy Elections Education Life Sustainability Tech Wealth & Poverty World Money Special Sections The Whiteboard LearningCurve I've Always Wondered BBC on Marketplace American Futures Corner Office Diagnosis: Camden The Big Book Freakonomics Radio Must Reads Budget Hero Secret Life of a Food Stamp Income Upshot The Datebook Work in America Innovators The new Cold War? Oyler Yearbook A lot to give Tools Newsletters Mobile Apps Facebook Twitter Podcasts RSS Access Home Sign In My Account Contact About ShowsMarketplace Marketplace Morning Report Marketplace Weekend Marketplace Tech Marketplace Mid-Day Update Business World Economy Tech Sustainability Education Money Wealth & Poverty Video About Contact Donate Listen Button - Responsive Listen
 Latest Stories
Marketplace Music
Podcasts
York & Fig Search Share It!
Taking stock of minimum wage around the world Taking stock of minimum wage around the world NICOLAS ASFOURI/AFP/Getty Images
Workers on scaffolding at a building construction site in Yangon, Myanmar.  by Tony Wagner and Janet Nguyen Tuesday, September 1, 2015 - 14:17 Story Myanmar has introduced  a minimum wage for the first time, which takes effect Tuesday, according to Reuters.  The new policy would require employers to pay workers 3,600 kyat, or  $2.80, for an eight-hour work day, which equals about 35 cents an hour.  Minimum wage standards vary greatly even among the Southeast Asian country's neighbors, with Thailand's minimum about three times Myanmar's amount at 300 baht, or nearly $8.40 per day. Bangladesh's daily minimum wage is about 74 cents outside of the cotton and jute textile industries and the engineering industry.   Amid Myanmar's wage announcement, let's take a look at the different minimum-wage standards set by countries around the world, in particular, members of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development: Must be nice to live in Luxembourg, right? But here's another perspective: compare each country's minimum wage to what its citizens typically earn: Share It!
You Might Also Like... Explore Stories that share this feature's tags minimum wage, salary Finding the fairest minimum wage The minimum wage debate Do federal contractors save the government money? Irvine gets rid of its living wage Weekly Wrap: Inflation, the Federal Reserve and minimum wage View Complete List     You Might Also Like... Explore Stories that share this feature's tags minimum wage, salary Finding the fairest minimum wage The minimum wage debate Do federal contractors save the government money? Irvine gets rid of its living wage Weekly Wrap: Inflation, the Federal Reserve and minimum wage View Complete List   With Generous Support From... Marketplace thanks our sponsors for their continued support in the following categories. Sustainability Coverage The Kendeda Fund Education Coverage The Kresge Foundation The Gates Foundation Asia Coverage The Starr Foundation The Henry Luce Foundation Wealth & Poverty Coverage The Ford Foundation General Support The John D. and Catherine T MacArthur Foundation Newman's Own Foundation Annie E. Casey Foundation

The Government is set to put forward changes to the arrangements for the referendum on Britain's EU membership, in a bid to allay MPs' concerns about ensuring the vote is fair. 
 
Amendments being tabled to the EU Referendum Bill are expected to address concern over plans to ease the "purdah" rule, which bars ministers from using public money to promote one side in the run-up to a poll. 
 
Ministers had argued that the change was needed to allow the Government to continue to conduct normal business with EU partners, but a parliamentary committee warned in July that it risked casting "a shadow of doubt" over the propriety of the in/out vote. 
 
It is understood the new proposals are designed to reassure MPs that ministers are not seeking to wield the full weight of the Government machine or spend large amounts of public money in support of the campaign to stay in the EU, if that is what the Prime Minister recommends. 
 
The development comes a day after David Cameron accepted a watchdog's recommendation that voters should be asked whether they want the UK to "remain in" or "leave" the EU, rather than ticking a "Yes" or "No" box in the referendum, which he has promised by the end of 2017. 
 
Mr Cameron survived a Commons revolt of 27 Tory MPs - including five former cabinet members - in June over the plan to drop the 28-day purdah rule. Eurosceptics were furious because they feared it would allow Whitehall to back the Yes camp. 
   
 Share article  
   
In July, the House of Commons Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee wrote to Europe minister David Lidington to warn that plans to ditch the purdah period were "completely unacceptable" and the Government had to be seen to conduct itself " properly, fairly and impartially" in the run-up to the poll. 
 
Mr Lidington promised to talk to critics over the summer and bring forward amendments to " put beyond any doubt that the campaign will be conducted throughout in a manner that all sides will see as fair".

$NEWLINE$BEGINSCRIPT src=\"http://host.coxmediagroup.com/cop/digital/sites/common/js/chartbeat_topwidget.js\" type=\"text/javascript\" language=\"javascript\">$ENDSCRIPT$NEWLINE$BEGINSCRIPT type=\"text/javascript\" language=\"javascript\">var cbWidget = new topwidget('cbTopWidget', '', '5', '11a05962fa65ba821e3a53cc8c52520c');$ENDSCRIPT$NEWLINE

FXStreet (Delhi) – Research Team at Danske Bank, note that in the US durable goods orders are due for release, which will be followed by Yellen’s speech.
Key Quotes
“The core measure in the report, non-defence capital goods orders ex aircraft, rebounded in July, suggesting a healthy momentum in business capex into August and it will be interesting to see if the August data look equally strong.”
“Fed chair Yellen speaks late tonight and any elaboration on the FOMC's decision to take the cautious approach will be in focus. Earlier this week Fed members Lockhart, Williams, Bullard and Lacker signalled that it is most likely that the Fed will raise rates later this year.”

The Daily Mirror attracted criticism a few days ago for their harsh headline about new Manchester United signing Anthony Martial. The 19-year-old striker was pictured on the back page of the newspaper under the headline ‘WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY‘. To be fair, this was a summary of a raft of transfer at Old Trafford […]
The post appeared first on Football (soccer) greatest goals and highlights | 101 Great Goals.... Read more 
 
 UNITED  TUNE  STRIKER  PICTURES  NEW  MIRROR  MARTIAL  MAN  ANTHONY

TRYSTER ended his 2015 campaign where it began on Saturday night, when he took his all-weather record to six wins out of six with a victory at Chelmsford on his first start since May.

The Godolphin colt, who won the very first race at the track when it reopened in January, set a new course record when he beat Let's Go by half a length in a £40,000 conditions race.

He will now head to Dubai, where he will be given the chance to demonstrate whether he could develop into a World Cup contender.

Tryster, who won the Winter Derby and Easter Classic in the spring, had not run since finishing last of five in the Brigadier Gerard Stakes, his only race on turf this year. Trainer Charlie Appleby said: "I was delighted with Tryster. He's back on track again having had a break after Sandown - he'd been on the go for the winter. You could question whether he adapted to turf, but I still feel it was the combination of the style of racing and small field.

"As we saw last night, he likes to be dropped in deep and come from off a sensible pace. He did it well and the plan now is to take him to Dubai, look at the second round of the Maktoum Challenge, and see how that works out. If it doesn't there's plenty of time to come back for another crack at the Winter Derby and Easter Classic."

Thursday, September 17, 2015  
  
A migrant holds a banner as he participates in a peaceful protest in front of the Hungarian border gate near the village of Horgos, Serbia, September 17, 2015. REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov 
    
 Thursday, September 17, 2015  
A migrant holds a banner as he participates in a peaceful protest in front of the Hungarian border gate near the village of Horgos, Serbia, September 17, 2015. REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov  Close

The boys got their ATV day trip in this year.  I'm sure it would be pointless for me to say what a great time they had.  It is a highlight of their summer and they didn't get to go last year so that made it even more special.  Plus a day with Dad can't be beat!

The meets each Thursday evening at 6 p.m. for beginners and 7 p.m. for all other levels at Westside Christian Church, 1432 Fairlane Drive, Richmond.   
  
If you don't play, come and learn. No previous musical training necessary. Bring a dulcimer or a few loaners will be available, along with music. No charge.

Hillary Clinton said Tuesday that Congress should repeal the unpopular "Cadillac tax," an Obamacare tariff on premium health care plans. 
 
The tax is set to go into effect in 2018. 

Clinton said that while the Affordable Care Act -- one of President Barack Obama's top legislative achievements -- was "working, plain and simple," there were some changes that needed to be made. 

"I have proposed new reforms to build on the progress we've made and lower out-of-pocket costs for families," said Clinton in a statement. "That's why, among other steps, I encourage Congress to repeal the so-called Cadillac tax, which applies to some employer-based health plans, and to fully pay for the cost of repeal." 

Clinton said some of her proposed reforms to Obamacare, which she has rolled out in the past month, would more than cover the cost of repealing the Cadillac tax, a measure that helped to pay for the health care reform law. 

Clinton's campaign first said the candidate disapproved of the Cadillac tax during a call earlier this month with the American Federation of Teachers, a powerful union that has endorsed Clinton. 

The call was first reported Tuesday by The New York Times. Shortly after the story was published, Clinton's campaign released a statement calling on Congress to repeal the tax. 

Union members, many of whom enjoy the generous employer-based coverage plans, would be hit by the 40% tax, which applies to plans with yearly premiums exceeding $10,200 for individuals and $27,500 for families. 

Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers and a longtime Clinton supporter, praised the former secretary of state's decision. 

"We are proud that Hillary Clinton has come out in favor of a repeal of the so-called Cadillac tax -- a harmful tax on health benefits that is hurting America's working families," she said. "This tax already is being used by employers to shift an increasing share of health care costs to employees." 

But many health care experts who view the tax as a crucial part of the Obamacare law are critical of Clinton's position. 

"The smarter move is to leave well enough alone and allow this tax to take effect," said Jared Bernstein, a former White House economist and senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, in a Washington Post op-ed earlier this year. "After decades of fighting for it, we're finally moving towards a more rational, efficient health care system. Let's not screw that up."

  
Because this is when you need the internet the most. 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
 Never dog your mates, but always have dog mates. #truluv 
 
A photo posted by browncardigan.com (@browncardigan) on Aug 16, 2015 at 12:40am PDT 
   

 
  
 
Visit BrownCardigan.com 
 
The post Monday by Brown Cardigan appeared first on The World's Best Ever: Design, Fashion, Art, Music, Photography, Lifestyle, Entertainment .

Giving an interview on Greek Public Radio   on 25 September 2015, Research Fellow of ELIAMEP Dr Angeliki Dimitriadi discussed the refugee crisis.  You can find more information here   (in Greek) .

Amber Alert issued for missing 4-year-old boy      [embedded content]  Today's Regional Weather Forecasts         ABQ - Rio Rancho East Mtns Santa Fe Northwest NM Southern CO Northeast NM Southwest NM Southeast NM Extended Forecasts    [embedded content]        
  Tropical moisture from tropical storm Kevin is going to be drawn into New Mexico over the next few days.   This will bring the chance for … 
   
   
THURSDAY: With a little help from Tropical Storm Kevin, moisture streaming north into southern New Mexico will help give way to scattered to… 
    
Showers and storms will ramp up to end the week, especially across western and central New Mexico. A weak disturbance will move through the … 
    Regional Radar    [embedded content]     
  
     
WEDNESDAY: Another round of afternoon storms and showers is likely for western and northern New Mexico. Heavy rain, gusty winds and frequent… 
    
Showers and storms will continue Wednesday afternoon, but not to the extent we’ve seen the past two afternoons. The Gila and Northern Mounta… 
    
TUESDAY: Today will look and feel very similar to what unfolded on Monday – expect high temperatures to climb well into the 70s, 80s and 90s… 
    
Showers and storms will continue over the north and west through at least the evening hours. Expect the showers to diminish and clearing ski… 
    
MONDAY: Afternoon temps will warm well into the 70s, 80s and 90s — areas further to the south & east will be the warmest in the mid-90s. Spo… 
    
Another hot day in Albuquerque with highs topping out in the lowers 90s.  So the disappointing, hot and dry August continues in its final da… 
    
Gusty showers rolled across parts of Albuquerque Saturday afternoon but most of this activity is coming to an end.   Skies will be clearing … 
    
Showers and storms will continue across eastern New Mexico Friday evening as a cold front pushes across the state. Eventually, the showers a… 
    
  Rain chances return this afternoon thanks to a cold front that has moved into eastern New Mexico.   This front won’t drop temperatures too… 
    
FRIDAY: Afternoon temperatures will be similar to Thursday with most of the state warming well into the 70s, 80s and 90s. A cold front will … 
    
Expect the active weather to continue over the next several days with various forms of moisture reaching New Mexico. Tonight some showers an… 
    
Expect the active weather to continue over the next several days with various forms of moisture reaching New Mexico. 
    
  Storms will redevelop this afternoon as we continue to draw in moisture around an area of high pressure and a weather system to our north.… 
    
THURSDAY: Pockets of light rain are pushing northeast across central and northern NM this morning, with mostly to partly cloudy conditions f… 
    
Moisture will continue to sit over the state for the next few days fueling daily rounds of thunderstorms. 
    
WEDNESDAY: Weak morning showers will give us a taste of what’s to come this afternoon and storm chances rev up after noontime. Widespread sh… 
    
High pressure shifting to eastern New Mexico will allow more moisture into the state in the next few days. 
    Page 1 of 76 1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  ...  76  >       
   
Full Weather Forecast    
  Tropical moisture from tropical storm Kevin is going to be drawn into New Mexico over the next few days.   This will bring the chance for … 
     [embedded content]   Weather Watches & Warnings       Flood Storm Convective Wind Drought  
   
Advertisement

THE two cricket clubs leaving the Bolton League for the Greater Manchester League have both been placed in the top division of their new league. 
 
The GMCL made their eagerly-awaited announcement this morning of which divisions the top 36 of their 52 clubs would be in next season. 
 
Egerton and Greenmount, who are the only two of the 14 Bolton League clubs to leave to join the GMCL were both placed in the Premier Division. 
 
Also placed in the top flight are Edgworth, Flixton and Bury who have left the Bolton Association for the GMCL. 
 
Nine clubs chose to switch from the Association to the GMCL – with the other nine joining the BCL – with five of the other six being placed in Division One. 
 
They are Astley and Tyldesley, Swinton Moorside, Walshaw, Winton and Worsley, while the sixth – Westleigh – have been placed in Division Two. 
 
The full league listings are: 
 
Premier League 
 
Bury, Clifton, Denton St Lawrence, Denton West, Edgworth, Egerton, Flixton, Glossop, Greenmount, Heywood, Prestwich, Unsworth. 
 
Division One 
 
Astley and Tyldesley, Bamford Fieldhouse, Dukinfield, Elton, Radcliffe, Roe Green, Swinton Moorside, Walshaw, Winton, Woodbank, Woodhouses, Worsley. 
   
 Share article  
   
Division Two 
 
Brooksbottom, Denton, Droylsden, Edenfield, Flowery Field, Irlam, Stand, Stretford, Thornham, Westleigh, Whalley Range, Wythenshawe.

Eastern Oregon University freshman Steven Beaudry prepares to blast a shot on goal Saturday during a 2-1 loss to Sierra Nevada College (Nevada). 

The Eastern Oregon University men’s soccer team had a landmark day with its first match in program history Saturday.  In front of their home crowd, the Mountaineers put on a solid show and displayed what the future holds. 

About the only thing that didn’t go right was actually getting the ball in the net. 

Eastern controlled play for the majority of its season opener against Sierra Nevada College, generating countless scoring options. But the nerves of the first game cropped up at inopportune times, and it mustered just one goal in a 2-1 nonconference defeat at the EOU Soccer Field. 

“At the end of the day, the nerves got to us, I think,” Eastern head coach Stan Rodrigues said. “(Sierra Nevada) showed a lot of heart today, as well. But the jitters were definitely there. I didn’t sleep much last night, either. But it was good for us to come out and get punched in the mouth in the first game.” 

To read the complete story, check out the Monday, August 31 version of The Observer.

DailyFX.com - 

 Market Condition: Trend  


 Bias: Long Gold  


 En try: $1110-$1132  


 Stop Loss: Just below the September 11 low near $1090  


 Target: $1245 where wave iii is 1.618 times the length of wave i  


 Risk Management: If a move above $1200 transpires, one could add to the position no greater than 50% of the original size, then move the stop loss to $1170.  


 (Click on the chart to zoom in; after zooming in, press the play button towards the right to set the market in motion)  


 Now that the FOMC meeting and event risk is out of the way, we can consider dipping our toe in the long Gold water.  


 The Gold price bounce from the 1100 on September 11 forms a partial retracement of the previous July-August up trend. The uptrend unfolded in 5 waves and the subsequent set back occurred in 3 waves.  


 Therefore, we have an Elliott Wave picture that suggests the higher probability move is for at least one more 5 wave move higher towards 1190.  


 Given the location in the larger wave picture and Gold forecast, it appears we are embarking upon a larger ‘C’ wave higher that could even test levels above 1300 (see HERE ).  


 As a result, we have a good opportunity at a good risk to reward ratio trade. Use the September 2015 low just below 1100 as the stop loss and initially targeting $1245 where this suggested wave ‘iii’ would be 1.618 * wave ‘i’.  


 If we make it up to 1170, we will look to move our stop loss to break even. Further appreciation above $1200 will allow us to add to the position as it will build the case for a wave iii higher.  


 Suggested Reading:  


 Gold Signaling Fed Disappointment?  


 Gold Price: Vigorous Bounce Off Trend Line Support  


 To receive additional picks or articles on using Elliott Wave Theory, join Jeremy’s distribution list.  


 
original source 
DailyFX provides forex news and technical analysis on the trends that influence the global currency markets. 
Learn forex trading with a free practice account and trading charts from FXCM .

United States Stocks in the US rose after four officials from the US central bank, the Federal Reserve, said the US economy is strong enough to cope with its first interest rate rise since 2006.Federal Reserve of Atlanta president Dennis Lockhart said he remains confident the Fed will raise interest rates this year.He said he voted with the majority on the Fed's policy making committee to hold interest rates near zero because of the need for "prudent risk management around recent and current market volatility"."As things settle down, I will be ready for the first policy move on the path to ...

A thriller between Notre Dame and Virginia did well last weekend, but could not quite match last year. Last Saturday’s Notre Dame/Virginia college football game drew a 3.7 final rating and 5.7 million viewers on ABC, down 10% in ratings and 12% in viewership from USC/Stanford last year (4.1, 6.5M) but up 37% and 38%, respectively, from regional coverage in 2013 (2.7, 4.2M). Though down from last year, Notre Dame’s comeback win ranked second for the weekend among college football games — trailing only Oregon/Michigan State later in the night. As previously reported, that game had a 4.8 and 7.9 million. Head-to-head, Notre Dame/Virginia more-than-doubled both Georgia/Vanderbilt on CBS (1.7, 2.6M) and Iowa/Iowa State on FOX (1.1, 1.8M). Earlier in the afternoon, Oregon State/Michigan drew 4.5 million viewers — up 41% from regional action last year (3.2M). The rating was not immediately available. The Wolverines’ blowout win ranked third for the weekend. (Wknd. numbers from ESPN, Sports Business Daily)

Justin Bieber's comeback is complete after becoming the youngest male artist in U.S. history to debut at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.

Photo by UK Athletics 
 
What a difference a week makes, right? After suffering another crushing loss to Florida last Saturday, the Cats rebounded tonight, beating #25 ranked Missouri 21-13. 
 
There was a LOT riding on this game for Kentucky, and they delivered on almost every front, Patrick Towles silencing the haters, the defense holding up their part of the bargain, and the program getting a crucial win, its first over a ranked opponent in five years. 
 
Let’s break it down, because that was a lot of fun. 
 Patrick Towles redeemed himself  
Towles’ play was the story of the game. After a bad showing against Florida, many in the fan base were calling for Patrick’s curly-locked head. Towles swore off social media to escape the haters this week, and his focus today showed. Towles was 22-27 for 249 yards, two touchdowns and zero interceptions, and added another 21 yards on the ground for a touchdown. “Patty Feet” was back in a big way, with Towles scrambling like the QB of old. Jared Lorenzen called for Patrick to take back the reins and scramble when needed, and thankfully, he did tonight. 
 
After the week he’s had and the game he turned in tonight, can you blame him for celebrating like this? 
 

 
Stoops told reporters afterwards that he’s pretty stingy with game balls, but he had to give one to Patrick tonight. 
 
“I gave him a gameball. I thought he played a really good game and made some really good plays with his feet and was aggressive down the stretch,” Stoops said. He added he was careful not to pile on the criticism before the game. “I don’t like to get involved with that. I really didn’t say much. Just go do what he does every day. Give him support and give him a pat on the back.” 
 Five guys who were also crucial   Garrett Johnson : “Towles to Juice” is becoming a familiar refrain in Commonwealth Stadium, and Johnson led the team in receiving tonight with 6 catches for 119 yards. He and Patrick are developing some major chemistry, and I feel most confident when the ball goes in his direction.  Ryan Flannigan : The senior linebacker finally returned to the field tonight after recovering from a nagging shoulder injury, and his presence made a difference. Flannigan had 8 tackles tonight, and kept the pressure on Maty Mauk and his receiving corps. It’s really nice to have him back.  CJ Conrad: Conrad got his first touchdown as a Wildcat tonight, finally making the highlight reel for something other than blocking. He finished with three catches for 55 yards and the aforementioned touchdown. Stoops knew it was only a matter of time until the true freshman made his mark.   
“I told Shannon to finally throw him the ball,” Stoops joked. “It was nice to see him get some catches. We knew it would happen.” 
  Dorian Baker:  After two huge drops in first quarters this season, admit it, you were a little worried when the ball headed in Baker’s direction. He didn’t help himself early on with an unfortunate unsportsmanlike penalty, but rebounded quickly to finish with 5 receptions for 51 yards and a touchdown. This catch should be in the SportsCenter Top 10:   

  JoJo Kemp:  Kemp has become the forgotten running back in UK’s rotation, but he looked like the JoJo from the South Carolina series tonight, leading Kentucky’s rushing attack with 13 carries for 66 yards. In typical JoJo fashion, he came through in clutch moments, giving Kentucky renewed life when drives were becoming stale.   
“I think he really had some critical runs,” Stoops told Tom Leach. “You never know who will have the big game, and our backs understand that.” 
  Honorable mention: I could go on and on, but for brevity’s sake, game balls also go out to Cory Johnson, Chris Westry, Jason Hatcher, and AJ Stamps. As Stoops emphasized in his postgame remarks, this was a team win in every form and fashion.   UK finally got a third quarter touchdown  
The third quarter has not been Kentucky’s friend this season, and I was pretty worried when the Cats seemed to implode after halftime. Patrick Towles, who looked so confident to start the game, was reverting to bad habits, and the rest of the team wasn’t doing much to help him out. Thankfully, CJ Conrad came along and broke the dry spell, hauling in his first touchdown reception as a Wildcat. That was enough to earn him a shoutout from legendary UK tight end Jacob Tamme: 
 
I see you @cjconrad1  #BBN 
 
— Jacob Tamme (@JacobTamme) September 27, 2015 
 

 The pass interference call on Blake McClain was terrible  
Again, it’s a win, so I don’t want to harp on negative things, but the pass interference call on Blake McClain at the start of the fourth quarter was really frustrating. The officials claimed McClain grabbed the other guy’s jersey, which wiped out a 70-yard interception return for a touchdown by AJ Stamps. Thankfully, the defense stood tall and recovered, but that could have been a call that would come to haunt the Cats. 
 Stoops apparently danced in the locker room  
Garrett Johnson told reporters that Stoops joined in the postgame locker room revelry, breaking out some dance moves that hopefully were recorded by a player with a quick iPhone trigger. Stoops laughed it off in his interview with Tom Leach, claiming that he was only trying to get the guys rounded up to talk about the win and got lost in the moment, but can you imagine? I’ve seen a LOT of awkward dancing to “Grove Street Party” in the past two weeks, but Stoops dancing would probably take the cake. Stoops paused several times during his remarks, telling reporters and Tom Leach the win felt like a blur. Apparently defensive coordinator DJ Eliot was so happy he walked around the Wildcat Den randomly hugging media members. As he kept repeating, this was a “huge win.” 
 The path to a bowl looks MUCH more manageable now  
A week ago, the world looked pretty bleak, didn’t it? The loss to Florida bruised the hopes of a fragile fan base that was finally believing, but, thankfully, the team’s resolve remained strong. Patrick Towles silenced the haters and showed he’s still the guy to lead this team. Most importantly, the path to the postseason looks promising, with the Cats halfway to bowl eligibility. All they need to do is beat EKU, Charlotte, and Vanderbilt. Four games in, would you have imagined a more manageable path? If the Cats can’t handle that, they don’t deserve to go to a bowl. 
 
“Much like a week ago, we were put in a situation where you needed to make some plays,” Stoops said. “It was nice to do it tonight. We were on the wrong end a week ago, but we have been in a bunch of close football games this year and came out with three victories – so, proud of that.” 
 
After falling on their face against Florida, the Cats took care of business and took a major step forward tonight, beating a ranked opponent and moving one step closer to a bowl. Not only that, they overcame some mistakes and won. How often have we been able to say that? For that reason alone, we should all feel like this right now:

SOURCE Quantcast

Rapidly growing data and advertising leader opens new Texas office, looks to expand local team

SAN FRANCISCO 

"As we began to think about the rapid growth of our team, it became clear that a second US location would allow us to both grow quickly and cost effectively, thus driving top-line revenue and margin," said Rick Boyce 

The new office will be located within the Capital Factory, a well-known entrepreneurial hub in Austin's 

"Austin 

The rapid growth trajectory of US real-time bidding (RTB) display advertising – increasing from an estimated $14 billion 

"This is just the beginning of a very exciting time for Quantcast corporate sales and services," said Megan Edwards 

RSVP to the recruiting event here.

See current job openings here.

About Quantcast

Quantcast processes real-time data at the intersection of commerce and culture, providing useful, actionable insights for brands and publishers. Through Quantcast Measure, we have unlocked the data generated by more than 100 million digital destinations, helping publishers and creators understand and grow their businesses in ways never before possible. With Quantcast Advertise, adaptive modeling and intelligent machines are utilized to help thousands of marketers around the world find and interact with customers anywhere they connect to the digital world. Our more than 600 employees are driven by the potential for big data to radically improve everyone's connected experiences and transform the way we all make sense of the world.

For more information, visit www.quantcast.com.

Connect with Quantcast

Read the blog | Follow on Twitter | Visit on Facebook

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/big-growth-in-austin-for-big-data-company-quantcast-300142812.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

Hi;                                                                               Hope you are doing great!!
Please find the requirement below ; If you find yourself comfortable with the requirement please reply back with your updated resume and I will get back to you or I would really appreciate if you can give me a call back at my contact number 609-897-9670 *2153.
Position:     Project Manager Location:    Cary, NC Duration:   12+Months   Required:- 10+ Years of experience is required.
8+ years of strong hands-on project management experience PMP is essential Technical background – Java/J2EE, SOA, Websphere Hands-on experience in delivering large projects Strong experience is managing risk and  cross functional team
Thanks & Regards;
Abhishek Bhardwaj
Sr. Technical Executive
Email:abhishek@sysmind.com
38 Washington Road; Princeton Junction; NJ: 08550
Ph:609-897-9670 Ext :- 2153
M: 609-297-0794
P Help! Preserve trees. Please don't print this e-mail unless you really need to.                               -- -- Request: Please do not send any messages to this group which are nor related to IT staffing.
 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
Groups "Technical Recruiters" group.
To post to this group, send email to
technical-recruiters@googlegroups.com
To unsubscribe from this group, send email to
technical-recruiters+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com
For more options, visit this group at
http://groups.google.com/group/technical-recruiters?hl=en?hl=en
--- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Technical Recruiters" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to technical-recruiters+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to technical-recruiters@googlegroups.com.
Visit this group at http://groups.google.com/group/technical-recruiters.
To view this discussion on the web visit https://groups.google.com/d/msgid/technical-recruiters/CAEH0gfQfXHEKBXBVx%3DB3yk_%3DB1qhQPWdj_u2g7kaRsGnSnb8kQ%40mail.gmail.com.
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.

PTI 
SRINAGAR 
 
A year after the devastating floods struck Jammu and Kashmir, former Chief Minister Omar Abdullah today asked the Centre to allow international aid to the state if it did not have money or was unwilling to announce any package for rehabilitation of victims. 
 
“We want that aid should come from wherever it can. If the Centre is not ready to give financial aid, or it does not have the money, then we should be allowed to get it from where we are getting it (internationally),” Omar told reporters after donating blood as part of his party’s blood donation camp to mark the first anniversary of the floods here. 
 
Omar, who is working president of opposition National Conference (NC), said people of the state had suffered from both sides, as neither had the Centre given any package nor did it allow any international aid. 
 
“We (the previous NC-Congress government) had started the process of getting international aid by talking to the World Bank. The first meeting, I had with the officials of World Bank and Asian Development Bank before the election code (came into force).” 
 
“We had prepared a project but there has been no forward movement on that as well. So, we suffered from both the sides. Neither did we get anything from here, nor from where we would have got some money,” the former chief minister said. 
 
Terming as “unfortunate” the ruling Peoples’ Democratic Party’s (PDP) decision to celebrate the anniversary of the floods, Omar said, “…The reality is that the people, who were affected by the floods, have got nothing to celebrate.” He said, now, the high court had to take a suo motu notice as a result of “non-efficiency” of this government. 
 
“The court has compelled the state as well as the central government to answer. Now, we hope that due to high court’s pressure, people would get something which these people (governments) were unwilling to give till now. They were not ready to give the people anything on their own. Whatever,I had given to people during my regime, they had got nothing more than that,” the former chief minister said. 
 
Omar claimed whatever assistance the flood-affected people got was before March 1. 
 
“Since the PDP-BJP government was sworn-in (March 1), they (victims) have been continuously neglected. Rs 2000-Rs 2500 crore fund that they got with much difficulty was the money from State Disaster Relief Fund and first instalment from Government of India which was announced on the spot during my regime. Not a penny extra,” he alleged. 
 
The NC leader alleged the Centre took back money which it had given to the state on the account of various expenditures. 
 
“They took money for many things in the name of flood relief. But those, who suffered losses, did not get anything. Helicopters were used, (but) the money was taken from us. Their boats were used here, but the money was taken from us. The funds meant for liabilities under Prime Minister’s Reconstruction Programme were taken in the name of floods. 
 
“Additional special plan assistance, which is given to us by the Planning Commission every year to balance our plan, that money was also added to the flood account and taken. That is why, Mufti sahab felt a compulsion to arrest the leaders of trade bodies who were to protest against the government,” Omar said. 
 
Condemning the arrest of leaders of various trade bodies, he said, the chief minister is the same Sayeed who used to say that this is the battle of ideas, but the reality is, if your ideas do not match his, he will not allow you to talk. 
 
“You (governments) are pushing the people unnecessarily. These traders were not protesting against any country. They were not coming out with anti-national slogans. They were coming out for their rights. 
 
“The rights which they have been promised of by none other than the Prime Minister of the country who, here in Srinagar, said that we will not only give whatever to this part of Kashmir, but are even ready to help the other side of Kashmir as well. 
 
“Thank God, they (Pakistan-occupied Kashmir) did not took the help, otherwise their situation would have been same like ours. It is unfortunate that they (leaders of trade bodies) have been arrested for bringing these things to the public domain,” he said. 
 
Omar, in a series of tweets, termed the chief minister as “dictator” for carrying out midnight raids and arrest of trader body leaders. 
 
“In a series of midnight raids (chief Minister) Mufti (Mohammad) Syed has ensured the arrest of all the Trade Body leaders. Their crime? Unhappiness over flood relief. All these people wanted to do was register their dissatisfaction at the absence of any meaningful flood relief. Shame on Mufti the Dictator,” he tweeted. 
 
“If Mufti Sb (sahab) was so sure people were going to celebrate as his Govt (government) has planned today he wouldn’t have ordered these arrests. #Dictator,” he said. 
 
 

Once one of the tallest BJP leaders in Gujarat, till he was brushed aside amidst the rise of Narendra Modi, Keshubhai Patel has now retired from active politics. Excerpt from an interview.

Home Transportation Aviation News LOT and Frankfurt airport celebrate the 50th anniversary of Warsaw- Frankfurt flightsTransportationAviation NewsLOT and Frankfurt airport celebrate the 50th anniversary of Warsaw- Frankfurt flightsBy Iuliia Tore - Sep 7, 2015 Exactly 50 years ago, on 7 September 1965, LOT operated its  maiden scheduled flight between Warsaw and Frankfurt.  The German financial centre quickly became one of the key cities in LOT’s route network. Currently, the Polish carrier performs three flights a day between Warsaw and Frankfurt, offering three travel classes – LOT Business, LOT Premium Economy and LOT Economy Class as well as the most convenient schedule on this city pair. The first flight from Warsaw to Frankfurt was operated by an Ilyushin 18 aircraft. After the fall of the Berlin Wall, LOT was one of the first airlines using Western-type aircraft – mainly Boeing 737. Presently flights on this route are operated by comfortable Embraer 170, 175 and 195 aircraft, appreciated by passengers for their cabin comfort. Today, on the 50th anniversary of the inaugural flight, LOT, together with Frankfurt Airport, prepared a surprise for the passengers of the anniversary LO382 flight. Prior to the departure from Frankfurt all passengers participated in the cake cutting ceremony at the gate.  They were served snacks and refreshments and, naturally, a piece of the cake. Meanwhile, passengers travelling onboard the aircraft from Warsaw to Frankfurt and back to Warsaw heard a special announcement and were served an additional refreshment. “We are happy to celebrate this anniversary together with Frankfurt Airport and to recall how our offer developed over that time. We are currently the only airline that apart from Business and Economy class also offers LOT Premium Economy class on this route. It means that our passengers have even more freedom in choosing an offer which best suits their individual needs. We are also the carrier of choice for the business traveler. The 7:30 a.m. flight from Frankfurt to Warsaw is the first connection of the day between these two cities, catering to the business traveller community and ideal for a  one-day business trip” says Jiri Marek, LOT Sales and Distribution Executive Director.“German passengers choose Warsaw  more frequently to connect to LOT’s long-haul flights. Thanks to attractive prices and our Dreamliner fleet, as well as  continuously improved service, LOT flights with a transfer are becoming an ever more attractive alternative” adds Jiri Marek. Dr. Pierre-Dominique Prümm, head of Fraport AG’s Airside and Terminal Management unit, says: “Fraport AG is proud of the long-standing and excellent business relationship between Frankfurt Airport and LOT Polish Airlines. We look forward to the continuation of this very fruitful connection between Frankfurt and Warsaw. LOT is one of the most long-standing airlines serving into Frankfurt Airport. Today, LOT operates a modern fleet of environmentally-friendly aircraft, thus greatly contributing to our common success – now and in the future. This is all the more reason to celebrate this very special anniversary. We wish LOT many more years of ‘happy landings’.” LOT offers three flights a day between Warsaw and Frankfurt. Flights depart Warsaw at 7:45 a.m., 5:05 p.m. and 8:15 p.m., and depart Frankfurt at 7:30 a.m., 10:35 a.m. and 7:50 p.m. The Polish carrier is a member of Star Alliance as well as the Miles&More frequent flyer program. These are additional benefits for passengers travelling on this route. LOT is one of the most punctual airlines at  Frankfurt Airport. Share the post "LOT and Frankfurt airport celebrate the 50th anniversary of Warsaw- Frankfurt flights" FacebookTwitterGoogle+PinterestLinkedInWeiboVKontakteE-mail Previous articleAir France increases capacity between Europe and St. Martin
Next articleДелегация Рас-Аль-Хаймы едет на выставку «Отдых» 2015 Iuliia Tore
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Aviation News Air France increases capacity between Europe and St. Martin Aviation News Tourism New Zealand partners with Qantas Aviation News airBaltic to launch Riga – Verona

Compass Point started coverage on shares of NEWTEK Business Services Corp (NASDAQ:NEWT) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning, The Fly reports. The firm issued a neutral rating and a $17.50 target price on the stock. 
 
NEWT has been the topic of several other research reports. Zacks upgraded shares of NEWTEK Business Services Corp from a hold rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $20.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, August 20th. Singular Research boosted their price target on shares of NEWTEK Business Services Corp from $20.00 to $22.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, August 3rd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, two have given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. NEWTEK Business Services Corp  has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $19.83. 
 
Shares of NEWTEK Business Services Corp ( NASDAQ:NEWT ) traded up 0.2492% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $16.6514. 4,261 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $17.56 and a 200 day moving average price of $17.78. The firm has a market cap of $172.39 million and a P/E ratio of 9.2354. NEWTEK Business Services Corp has a 52-week low of $12.61 and a 52-week high of $19.95. 
 
NEWTEK Business Services Corp (NASDAQ:NEWT) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, July 29th. The company reported $0.49 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.48 by $0.01. Analysts forecast that  NEWTEK Business Services Corp will post $1.92 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
 
Newtek Business Services Corp. is an internally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. The Company is focused on developing and marketing business and financial products and services aimed at the small- and medium-sized business ( NASDAQ:NEWT ) market and on developing a recognized brand for independent business owners. The Company’s brand, The Small Business Authority, is a national lender and owns and controls certain controlled portfolio companies that provide business and financial products to the SMB market.

Hit and run collision sends one man to the hospital By Sarah FajardoPublished: Sep 3, 2015 at 4:35 AM PDTLast Updated: Sep 3, 2015 at 4:35 AM PDTShare this storyprintemailYakima, Wash.--- Washington State Patrol is looking for a suspect involved in a hit and run crash injuring a pedestrian. The collision happened at 10:16 p.m. Wednesday. Troopers say 28-year-old Merritt J. Lyczewski was walking eastbound on Interstate 82 in Yakima when he was struck by the unknown vehicle. Lyczewski was transported to Yakima Memorial Hospital for his injuries. The hit and run is now under investigation.A note to users about commenting changes

A Beverley businessman is about to set off on a 720km bike ride across France to raise funds to fight the disease which claimed the life of his sister. 

		 
Rob Davies, director of Yourlink Ltd, on Annie Reed Industrial Estate, will cycle across the Pyrenees from Biaritz to Argeles-sur-mer in order to raise cash for research into leukaemia and  lymphoma. 

Describing himself as “a complete novice” when it comes to cycling, he has set himself a time limit of just six days for the journey in which he will ride uphill to a height of 13,000 metres. 

			 
His late sister Alison Elliott was a top make-up artist in the film industry who died aged 47 just one week after being diagnosed with a rare form of leukaemia, and two weeks before her twins’ first birthday. 



 
Rob said: “Alison was a loving friend, sister, daughter, mother and wife, and I wanted to try and do something epic to raise money. 

“She was a very well-known and respected make-up designer having worked with many film stars from the likes of Emma Thompson to Michael Douglas. The film Nanny McPhee II was dedicated to her name.” 

Rob’s trip will take him from the Atlantic coast to the Mediterranean coast. 

But he won’t be alone because he’ll be accompanied on by  the trip by work colleague Patrick Konrath, also a novice cyclist. 

			 
Rob added: “We’ve been training for the past six months at Beverley Leisure centre and on local roads.  Our aim is to raise as much money as possible to help fund research towards this great cause, that affects around 30,000 people per year in the UK. 

“Our company is funding the cost of all equipment and travel expenses running in to well over £5,000, and all donations  will go directly to the charity. 

“The challenge represents a huge one in more ways than one, and has required at least  nine months of training up to 70 miles per day. 

“It will culminate in us climbing some of the largest peaks in the world, including many of the infamous climbs seen on television in the Tour de France.” Rob’s target is to  raise £5000.  If you can donate, please visit www.justgiving.com/Dirteeze

批踢踢實業坊 shoes 板// via fulltextrssfeed.com[問題] 請各位幫我看看AJ 1http://www.ptt.cc/bbs/shoes/M.1442448080.A.7C1.htmlSep 17th 2015, 01:19作者LifeWinner (人生贏家)看板shoes標題[問題] 請各位幫我看看AJ 1時間Thu Sep 17 08:01:17 2015各位好！由於一直想入手一雙Air Jordan 1 Chicago OG，但超高的炒價讓我猶豫再三.. 最近在拍賣有看到此私人賣場 https://goo.gl/9r9Y2b 看了一下評價應該沒有洗評 以下是我再跟此賣家要的細圖 http://imgur.com/zwj78mJhttp://imgur.com/NcKGeb8http://imgur.com/UOfJSkEhttp://imgur.com/e2iFaBehttp://imgur.com/rXMiAAN請各位專家幫忙鑑定了 謝謝各位！ -- ※ 發信站: 批踢踢實業坊(ptt.cc), 來自: 111.80.238.212 ※ 文章網址: https://www.ptt.cc/bbs/shoes/M.1442448080.A.7C1.html推 dcshoecousa: 歐版的會比較便宜，因為鞋盒不是復刻1985年的 09/17 08:23You are receiving this email because you subscribed to this feed at https://blogtrottr.comIf you no longer wish to receive these emails, you can unsubscribe here:https://blogtrottr.com/unsubscribe/5mR/ndBnjS

, 72, of Huntington, passed away at 6:45 p.m. on Saturday, Sept. 19, 2015, at her residence. 
  
There will be no visitation or funeral service.

The job market in India is improving. About 90 per cent of companies are looking to hire, says Sambhav Rakyan, data services practice leader for Asia Pacific at Towers Watson, a global HR consulting firm. ( Watch Video ) 
Mr Sambhav Rakyan says its hiring survey showed that strong demand is being seen for graduates from top-tier business schools, research jobs in pharma, technical areas like social, mobile, analytics and cloud computing (SMAC) and SharePoint. 

The top sectors where the companies would be hiring are sales and engineering, he added. 

Entry-Level Salaries 

Recently the HR consulting firm also released a global survey on entry-level salary. The survey throws up some interesting insights for India. The starting salary for university graduates in India is among the lowest in the Asia Pacific region at a median average of Rs 25,000 per month, says Mr Rakyan The range can be wide from Rs 10,000 to Rs 60,000, he added. 

Average salaries in engineering functions are higher at Rs 30,000 while that in roles in administration customer service, manufacturing and tech support ranged from Rs 16,000 to Rs 18000, Mr Rakyan said. 

Comparatively, graduates in Singapore may be earning more than five times that that of their Indian peers, Mr Rakyan said. Even in China entry-level salaries on a dollar-to-dollar basis in IT and manufacturing are 40 per cent more that offered in India, he said, adding that salary across different countries depend factors like cost of living and labour market, he added.  

On the other hand, the starting salary for MBAs in India is Rs 40,000, Mr Rakyan said. The range can be between Rs 14,000 and Rs 1.44 lakh, he added.

Everyone would love to add value to their home by giving it a look that stands out from the crowd. A lot of people want to be a good interior designer. Luckily, the following article will provide you with advice to help make your home the best one on the block.Use versatile furniture in small rooms. Instead of a sofa, consider using ottomans. The ottoman not only provides seating but can also be used as a table, making use of the small amount of space you have. Using items that have dual purposes help you make the most of a small space.A lot of professionals have things to say about interior design, and you should listen to them only to a certain extent. You cannot create your perfect http://www.home-designing.com/ - http://www.home-designing.com/ - home until you trust your own creativity. So let loose and make your home reflect who you really are.When addressing the decor in a smaller room, make certain to select furniture that easily adapts to other uses. For example, choose ottomans rather than a sofa or chairs. The ottoman can be used as both a place to sit as well as a table. Using items that can serve more than one purpose can help you to make the best use of small spaces.When changing a room's interior decorating, you want to prevent your room from appearing overly-cluttered. If you have an abundance of furniture, your room will be cluttered and cramped. Instead, you can pick out just a few things that will help you open space.When you set out to design a room for a child, use the child's perspective when furnishing it. Think about what they like so that they can appreciate how you redecorate their room. Try to make everything very easy to access. Look at things through your child's eyes and and at their level and get rid of anything that might harm them.Take some time to balance out all of your finances before you invest time into any project. Nothing is worse than starting a project that you can https://www.rebelmouse.com/unsightlywager919/home-interior-decorating-trick-841044277.html - shutters - not finish because you ran out of money for it. You will avoid anxiety and stress with this approach.With a fireplace around, the room containing it will have some design needs. Everything on the mantle should be balanced. A balanced mantle can make your home room look more beautiful and bring attention to a dramatic part of the room.Incorporating trendy designs into your plans can be great. They can make your room look modern and stylish. But, you should only add modern decorations as accents, not permanent fixtures. It is simple to replace them when the fashion changes and you want something new. However, sofa with a wild print will be much harder to replace.At times, replacing the doors of your cabinets is an easy way to redo your kitchen. Among other options, you can change your cabinet doors to glass doors to make them more vibrant. Once the glass is in place, add a few choice pieces you want noticed for additional room appeal.Before beginning any interior decorating project you should have an idea of the amount time you plan on spending in this home. If you are planning on moving, you should keep it simple, neutral, and cheap. Although you may think some additions you want to make are good, sometimes you have to realize that they aren't.If there are a lot of items in your home, you should keep the walls very simple. Some people choose to keep more items than others. When you have lots of keepsakes and sentimental pieces, keep your walls simple and clean to enhance the appeal of these items. Otherwise, your home will seem too cluttered.Slipcovers can be a godsend if you are trying to decorate a room with children in the house. Slip covers will not only protect your furniture, they will allow you to change the look of your room. Swap out slipcovers seasonally or whenever you want a new look.You should be completely thorough if you are doing interior design. Mixing contemporary style furniture in a room with an antique style fireplace could make the room look mismatched. Make sure that your theme stays consistent throughout the house.Painting small rooms in a light color will make it appear larger. Off white is a great color for making a room appear larger, and remember that big furniture pieces effect the lighting as well. Darker colors will make rooms appear smaller.Paint some flower pots made of clay and put real or artificial plants inside them to give your room a brighter look. Have you kids help and use them for plants or to hold other objects.Mix things that do not match. When you combine an animal print pillow with a flower print chair, the look can be amazing. A blue curtain can look sweet behind a yellow upholstered chair. Unusual mixes like this can create an interesting room that is worth talking about.Consider using floor surfaces that are reflective to get the most out of your natural light in interior decorating. Hardwood and white tile are just two options for reflective floors that you can use. Reflective flooring brightens interior rooms; dark carpets and woods absorb natural light.In the playroom, place storage boxes at your child's height. This arrangement makes it easier for children to take an active role in the cleaning and organization of their living areas. It will also help keep the room clean, making it a more functional and pleasant environment.When picking out your coffee table, use your creative side. Rather than simply using a regular table, think about putting a chest in the room or some other piece that makes sense. Search your home and check out numerous flea markets or antique stores. You may be stunned at just how many items can be utilized rather than the old-fashioned coffee table.These tips should help you discover that this process can be completed with the right tools. Put your new knowledge to good use with plans that you lay out ahead of time. Follow the steps needed to finish the plans and you will love the outcome!

We loved Cookie Lyon 's over-the-top fashion before we even saw Taraji P. Henson bring her to life on the screen or knew that would quickly become the highest rated new series on television when it debuted last season. 
 
Now, with season two set to premiere Wed. September 23, we're already anticipating a whole new lineup of jaw-dropping looks from the matriarch of the Lyon clan. And, since we have a sneak peek of the show's return, we can happily confirm that the fashion's only getting better, making Cookie (or Taraji P. Henson), one of the best dressed women on television. Scroll for the proof and gather some inspiration from what just might be the most stylish show since Gossip Girl .  Even if you haven't been an avid Empire watcher, the photos alone could convince you to start binge-watching now .

(BPT) - When it comes to your computer it’s a PC or Apple. And, if you have a PC, your machine runs on a Microsoft operating system. 

Sound familiar? 

If it does, you’re in luck because the new Windows 10 is finally here and there are plenty of reasons to love this new operating system. “Microsoft combined the best features of Windows 7 and Windows 8,” says tech guru, Mario Armstrong. Windows 10 has been designed to offer you optimal performance on every device it runs so you can enjoy a Windows 7-like experience when using your computer or a Windows 8 experience on your mobile device. 

Windows 10 also offers a free personal assistant, built-in apps, increased photo and map capabilities and all the tools you need to manage your obligations with improved mail and calendar options, along with more opportunities to have some fun with movies, shows and music. 

So how do you transition to Windows 10? It’s easier than you think and to help you through the process, Armstrong offers these tips: 

* Back it up. Whether you decide to upgrade your current computer to Windows 10 or to buy a new Windows 10 powered device, it’s always a good idea to take some time and make sure all of your important files have been backed up. Get an external hard drive and use Microsoft’s free Backup and Restore software to copy all of your files over. This way, if something goes wrong, you’ll know everything is safe and sound. 

* Trust it to the professionals. Upgrading can be a scary process, since it’s possible to lose files or forget to uninstall certain drivers. Create your own safety net by taking advantage of the Staples EasyTech program and a knowledgeable Staples associate will upgrade your computer to Windows 10 for free. Just call or head into a local store to make an appointment and you’ll be running Windows 10 in no time. Any device running Windows 7 or later is eligible. 

* Find the right device for your new operating system. Before you enact a Windows 10 upgrade, you need to figure out if you’ll be upgrading your current computer or transitioning to a new device. The good news is if your current laptop, tablet or hybrid device runs Windows 7 or Windows 8 already, it can probably handle Windows 10’s system requirements, but you should double check to make sure. If your computer barely meets the minimum requirements but runs fine, you should hold off on upgrading until you can afford a new device. Even though Windows 10 is free for most people, adding it to an older device may slow the device down. You can learn more about upgrading for free from Microsoft’s site. 

For PC users, Windows 10 offers them the chance to use and enjoy their devices like never before and upgrading is easy. Simply follow Armstrong’s tips before you upgrade and visit your local Staples store for help. Then, your old companion will have a new and exciting look and feel in no time.

From the Wires Changes Emphasize Outcome-based Payments and Community-based Care 
 
Sep. 16, 2015 01:42 PM 
   
 

HARRISBURG, Pa. , Sept 16, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Department of Human Services (DHS) Secretary Ted Dallas today announced two major steps in the Department's effort to spur innovation and better care in Medicaid. Governor Tom Wolf launched Pennsylvania's Medicaid expansion plan in April 2015 . Since the launch, more than 200,000 new Pennsylvanians have enrolled in HealthChoices, which now provides health care coverage to more Pennsylvanians than ever before. 

"When fully implemented, these new changes will mark the most significant changes to Medicaid in Pennsylvania since the Department first moved to mandatory managed care 18 years ago," said Secretary Dallas. "We must continue to innovate and move forward if we are going to provide the high-quality health care that all Pennsylvanians deserve. As the biggest insurance payor in the commonwealth, our hope is that these changes will encourage innovation in the private sector as well." 

First, DHS issued a request for proposals (RFP) for physical health services provided through HealthChoices, Pennsylvania's mandatory Medicaid managed care program since 1997. 

"If you pay for services, you will get services.  If you pay for outcomes, you will get outcomes," said Dallas. "When awarded, the contracts will require the managed care organizations (MCOs) to increase the amount of money they spend on contracts that reward value, care coordination, and better health outcomes rather than simply paying for services as they are provided. The result will be a system that focuses more on the patient as a whole and provides higher quality care to those in the Medicaid system." 

To drive Pennsylvania's Medicaid system towards these better outcomes, the new contracts will set targets for all contracted MCOs to increase the percentage of value-based or outcome-based contracts they have with hospitals, doctors, and other providers to 30 percent of medical funds they receive from DHS within three years. The result will be that billions of dollars will be invested in options such as: 
accountable care organizations (voluntary networks of hospitals, doctors, and other providers that work together to provide coordinated care to patients);    bundled payments (increases value-based purchasing);  patient-centered medical homes; and  other performance-based payments.  
The contracts will also include better integration of the physical and behavioral health systems and approaches like telemedicine to help serve areas of the state that do not have easy access to doctors. 
  
Second, DHS, in partnership with the Pennsylvania Department of Aging, released a more detailed concept paper outlining its vision for Community HealthChoices (CHC), Governor Tom Wolf's managed long-term services and supports program to support older individuals and adults with physical disabilities ( click here for the release regarding the concept paper). The plan is an integrated system of physical health and long-term services and supports (LTSS) which focuses on improving health outcomes and allowing individuals to live safe and healthy lives with as much independence as possible. 

CHC is a significant shift from the commonwealth's current, fractured approach to providing these services and will enhance care for seniors and persons with disabilities through better coordination of care. The result will be that more Pennsylvanians will be served in the community instead of in nursing homes or other facilities.  

CHC will support individuals dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid, older adults and adults with physical disabilities in the most integrated settings possible. CHC will serve an estimated 450,000 individuals, including 130,000 older persons and adults with physical disabilities who are currently receiving LTSS in the community and in nursing facilities. 

HealthChoices delivers quality medical care and timely access to all appropriate services to 2.5 million children, individuals with disabilities, pregnant women, and low-income Pennsylvanians. 

For more information on Community HealthChoices, visit www.dhs.state.pa.us . The RFP can be found here . 

MEDIA CONTACT : Kait Gillis , 717-425-7606 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/department-of-human-services-secretary-announces-innovative-changes-to-medicaid-in-pennsylvania-300144295.html 

SOURCE  Pennsylvania Department of Human Services 
 About PR Newswire 
Copyright © 2007 PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PRNewswire content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of PRNewswire. PRNewswire shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.

WASHINGTON, United States (AFP) -- Apple said Monday it sold 13 million of its new iPhones over the weekend, in a record-breaking launch for the latest model of its iconic smartphone. 


The California tech giant began selling the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in nine markets, including China, on Friday. 


On Monday, the company said the devices will be available in 40 additional markets October 9 including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan. 


"Sales for iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," said chief executive Tim Cook. 


Apple has also unveiled new lease and finance terms for US customers, which analysts said could boost sales and shorten the upgrade cycle, at a time when carriers are moving away from smartphone subsidies. 


The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the last version, with new technologies under the hood. 


One of the key new features is called "3D touch," which responds to the level of pressure exerted on the screen, allowing users to apply light pressure to peek at messages and applications, and to press a little deeper to open them. 


The 6S has the 4.7-inch (about 12-centimeter) display of its predecessor and the 6S Plus -- which updates one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet category" -- has the same 5.5-inch screen. 


But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics, harder glass and a new aluminum body. Pricing will be kept at the same levels as the earlier versions. 


The record launch outpaced last year's release of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus which sold more than 10 million, but did not include China, which was among the markets for the newest iPhone launch. 


Analysts at IHS Technology project that Apple will ship 236 million iPhones this year, up 22 per cent from a year ago. 


IHS analyst Ian Fogg said Apple is likely to have another blockbuster quarter or two but could have trouble sustaining momentum next year. 


"By the middle of next year, this look and feel will be almost two years old," Fogg told AFP. 


For its next model, he said, "Apple is going to have to find a way to reinvent the iPhone, and it is hard to find something that is radically new." 


Apple's new phone also features upgraded operating system iOS 9, which the company says offers "more intelligence" while taking up less space. 


Apple said that it will roll out the new devices to more markets in the coming weeks and that they would be available in 130 countries by the end of the year.

The Quilt Expo 2015 with Nancy Zeiman was this weekend!
I decided to make the one hour drive to Madison and check it out. I attended one lecture about *Garbage Can Quilts*.  I was hoping to get more ideas to use up scraps but the lecturer follows Bonnie Hunter's Scrap System and showed a few of her Bonnie quilts.
I'm afraid I didn't support the vendors very well with this trip. I only came away with a bottle of oil for the long arm, some clover wonder clips and the Quilt Expo 2015 t*shirt. I was looking for the Walk-About pattern but I guess, I will need to order it online.
The quilts in the show were beautiful, as always. They are way above my skill level but I do admire the beauty with every stitch.
:)

The Dallas Cowboys set the standard for technologically advanced NFL stadiums. The challenge to keep that unofficial title could be as tough as getting to the Super Bowl. 
 
With new ballparks to debut in Minneapolis next year and Atlanta in 2017, keeping up with what fans want from technology is an endless process for NFL teams. 
 
''We try to do that every year, have a new offering, whether through our app or experiential,'' says Charlotte Jones Anderson, the Cowboys' executive vice president and chief brand officer. ''This year, we have a DraftKings fantasy sports lounge for our fans interested in playing and engaging in fantasy football.'' 
 
Because AT&T is a partner and has naming rights to the Cowboys' building, Anderson believes the team has an edge in the tech world. Another corporate giant, IBM is helping design and implement the technology for the Falcons' new home. 
 
IBM is trying to make sure the infrastructure for Mercedes-Benz Stadium doesn't need to be replaced as technology advances. 
 
''It's critical to have future flexibility over time,'' says John Armstrong, North American leader for IBM interactive experience. 
 
But it takes more than strong Wi-Fi to make football fans leave their living rooms and big screen TVs to pay for expensive tickets, parking and concessions at the stadium. . 
 
The Cowboys think their fan app is a difference maker. It provides traffic updates, best routes into the parking lots, directions to your seat and ticket management. Fans can provide instant feedback when there is an issue such as long lines at the gates or rest room/concession problems. 
 
The team has added touchscreens in the stadium on which fans can look up player bios, the history of the Cowboys cheerleaders, or descriptions of the stadium's art collection. 
 
It's easier than ever to gauge what the fans want technologically, because they let teams know through social media. Many new of the Atlanta stadium's new accoutrements are based on fan feedback. 
 
''To really have the lens of the fan as the guide is challenging,'' IBM's Armstrong says. ''Certainly there are lots of things we can do technology-wise, but if you don't have the lens of the fan in mind you could almost get carried away, doing things for the sake of technological things. But the question you always must be able to answer is: Does this add to the enjoyment of the event and the experience of the fan, or is it a whiz-bang trick that is distracting?'' 
 
Falcons owner Arthur Blank has said that what the fan will experience on the first day for his stadium in 2017 will not be the same experience the next year. New stats might provide instant analysis to fans' seats. New technologies might allow new ways for fans to see or share content. 
 
How teams deliver that info at the games could be crucial to getting fans into the seats. 
 
''They are there to see a live event and that is, foremost, the football game,'' Armstrong says. ''The Falcons and many other sports organizations are supremely focused on what it takes to create the depth for engaging their fans - to have that mindshare of the fan and the consumer.'' 
 
--- 
 
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP-NFL

Macrocure (NASDAQ:MCUR)’s share price traded down 5.3% during trading on Monday , MarketBeat.Com reports. The stock traded as low as $3.92 and last traded at $3.96, with a volume of 126,650 shares trading hands. The stock had previously closed at $4.18. 
 
Several equities analysts have commented on the stock. Nomura lowered shares of Macrocure from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $20.00 to $6.00 in a report on Thursday, August 20th. Zacks raised shares of Macrocure from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, September 14th. Credit Suisse  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Macrocure in a research report on Monday, August 10th. Jefferies Group downgraded shares of Macrocure from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their price objective for the stock from $14.00 to $6.00 in a research report on Thursday, August 20th. Finally, Oppenheimer cut shares of Macrocure from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $20.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Thursday, August 20th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating,  The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $9.25. 
 
The company has a 50 day moving average price of $7.04 and a 200-day moving average price of $10.28. The company’s market capitalization is $66.16 million. 
 
Macrocure (NASDAQ:MCUR) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, August 4th. The company reported ($0.37) EPS for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.37). During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($0.59) earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Macrocure will post ($1.38) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
 
MacroCure Ltd. is a biotechnology company. The Company is focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing cell therapy products to address unmet needs in the treatment of chronic and other hard-to-heal wounds, such as diabetic foot ulcers ( NASDAQ:MCUR ) and venous leg ulcers (VLUs). Its product candidate, CureXcell, is an advanced wound care (AWC) therapy to treat such wounds by injecting living human white blood cells that have been activated to facilitate the healing process. CureXcell is in two pivotal, Phase 3, double-blind clinical trials targeting an indication for the treatment of DFUs and VLUs. The Company holds product approval for CureXcell as a medical device in Israel for the treatment of chronic and other hard-to-heal wounds.

PR Newswire 
 
ODESSA, Texas, Sept. 29, 2015 
   
ODESSA, Texas , Sept. 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- A recent study by ShoppingNexus.com found that 86% of US households own at least one HDTV (high definition television). 64% of respondents claim to own two or more HDTVs. 

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150928/271631 

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150928/271632  

When asked about technology preferences, respondents showed favor to LED (light-emitting diode) displays. 60% stated that LED HDTV technology is more favorable than other options, including LCD or "liquid-crystal display" (26%) and plasma technology (14%). 
 
With regard to making purchase decisions, price (30%), brand (28%), and TV size (16%) are the most important factors for consumers. Also, HDTV reviews (12%) were cited by many shoppers as relevant factors to consider during the purchasing process. 

"We continue to see more consumers turning to the Internet to find the best HDTV deals," said Brian Meyer , President of Shopping Nexus.  "The majority of those we polled start their searches online (as opposed to shopping in a brick and mortar store). While many (34%) turn to Amazon.com or other online retailers first, a sizeable percentage (17%) utilizes an online comparison website, such as ShoppingNexus.com." 

While brand was cited by 28% of consumers as the most important determining factor when purchasing an HDTV, few (7%) describe themselves as "very brand loyal." It seems that the majority (58%) of respondents prefer to shop for the best price among a select group of household brand names. 
 
In addition to sharing opinions about HD flat panel technology, participants were also asked about "curved" HD televisions. Only 3% of consumers are "actively considering" the purchase of a curved HDTV. The vast majority (70%) of those surveyed would not seriously consider a curved HDTV. 

To download the executive summary report for this study of 461 consumers, visit: http://www.shoppingnexus.com/cart/hdtv-study/ .  
 
About Shopping Nexus 

Shopping Nexus is a leading online price comparison website. The site serves as a free resource to help consumers make each dollar go further. Shoppers around the globe trust Shopping Nexus as their alternative to traditional shopping malls. Since 2010, over 3 million people have used Shopping Nexus to find the best deals on electronics, apparel, toys, jewelry, and more. Shopping Nexus allows consumers to instantly compare products and find the best price. The company's proprietary system automatically identifies the best price on the web, even taking into consideration item cost and freight. 

Media Contact: 
Brian Meyer 
9405945865 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/86-of-us-households-own-at-least-one-hdtv-60-of-consumers-now-prefer-led-hdtv-technology-300150524.html 

SOURCE  Shopping Nexus

School can be difficult. But are you encouraging or hindering your child's success? Here are 10 habits you may not realize are damaging to his or her success in school. 1. Forget about tomorrow morning. Let her stay up late! It’s not like she needs a full nights’ rest to do well in school; she can sleep in her desk! Besides, she hates bedtime and it’s so much easier to let her stay up with you and watch some of those funny late night television shows. 2. Don’t ask her about her homework every day or how school is going. You don’t want to be a nag. She’s probably got it all figured out and will get great grades without your getting involved. 3. Don’t worry about grades until a week or two before they come out. You have plenty of time! Your schedule is too busy anyway to be bogged down with your child’s education. If she misses class or a few assignments here and there, the teacher will gladly accept them until the last day of the term and if he doesn’t, you can just call the principal and she’ll sort it all out. 4. Yell at your child until she gets her homework done. Ground her and take away her cell phone. That’s how you really get someone motivated to work hard. If she complains, tell her you walked to school uphill both ways in the snow with no shoes; she’ll quickly realize that she’s being ungrateful and get right to work. 5. Don’t worry about attending Parent-Teacher Conference. That teacher couldn’t have anything helpful to say about how she is doing in his class. After all, what did he do with his life? He’s just a teacher. He better just shape up and do what you say, after all; you’re the parent and you pay taxes. 6. Whenever she has a doctor or dentist appointment, be sure to make that appointment during her hardest class. It will give her a much needed break and it’s not like you’re worried about her making up the work. That’s the teacher’s problem, not yours. 7. Don’t worry about whether your child has breakfast before she heads to school. School is early enough; it’s not worth getting up earlier to make breakfast. Besides, it’s not like learning is a bodily function; it’s more of a brain function. Page 2 of 2 - 8. Don’t praise your child if she does something well in school; it will just go to her head. Your job is to motivate her by pointing out only the things she does wrong. After all, if you don’t say it, who will? 9. If you have a complaint, always go straight to the top! Principals love to get involved in every little situation; that’s why they’re called princi-“pals.” 10. Don’t worry about setting a good example of continued learning. You already went to school! Been there, done that. You have too much work to do now to fit in reading a good book or showing your child that you still love art. Never talk about what inspired you to get where you are today; that will just bore her.

In a new expansion of commercial efforts to launch earthlings into space, Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos plans to build rockets on Florida's Space Coast — in an area he calls "a gateway to humankind's greatest adventures." 

Speaking at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Bezos outlined a new chapter for Blue Origin , the private aerospace company he founded more than a decade ago. He also described how he caught "the space bug" by watching Saturn V rockets launch from the cape's famed launch site. 

Those launch pads have been dormant for 10 years, Bezos said, adding that it's "too long — we can't wait to fix that," in a comment that drew applause from the crowd. 

Blue Origin will work toward putting people into orbit around the Earth from Cape Canaveral, relying on reusable orbital launchers that will be built in Florida. The American-made BE-4 rocket engines that Blue Origin plans to use will also be tested at the facility. 

At today's event, the billionaire Bezos was accompanied by Gov. Rick Scott and Sen. Bill Nelson — who flew into space aboard the space shuttle in the 1980s — along with other officials and guest speakers. 

By committing to base its operations in Florida, Blue Origin will create 330 jobs and add more than $200 million into the local economy, Scott said. More than 10 other states had been competing to become the site of the Blue Origin expansion, officials said Tuesday. 

Bezos did not discuss when the first launches might take place. Blue Origin recently said that it hopes to qualify the engine for flight in 2017, with the first flight of the Vulcan rocket system planned for two years later. 

The company says that testing of the BE-4 engine has been underway "for more than three years and testing of the BE-4 components is ongoing at Blue Origin's test facilities in West Texas." 

In April, Blue Origin carried out the first test flight of its reusable New Shepard space vehicle at its Texas facility.

On Thursday, with 13 days left in the fiscal year, the president met at the White House with Democratic congressional leaders – Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. – signaling that the Democrats were taking the shutdown possibility seriously, even as they revel in the GOP dysfunction.

Reid and Pelosi met with Obama to prepare for negotiations. They say they are willing to back a stopgap measure to keep open the government, but insisted it be short term and not include any language about ideological issues, such as funding Planned Parenthood.

Pelosi said the emphasis now is reaching a deal quickly.

“We’re optimistic, we want to be cooperative,” Pelosi said. “We want to negotiate in good faith to see that effectively done in a timely fashion.”

But with only seven working days on the legislative calendar, GOP feuding has prevented any real negotiation on a funding package.

On Thursday, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said congressional Republicans had “shown no interest” in talks with congressional Democrats and accused them of “irresponsible gamesmanship.”

Ahead of the White House meeting, Pelosi told reporters that she and House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, had not begun talks: “I spoke with Speaker Boehner about when we would speak about this,” she said.

The lack of communication sets up a replay of the 2013 showdown, which led to a 16-day shutdown.

This year’s shutdown dynamics are driven by an internal GOP feud in the House in which a group of hard-line conservatives are promising mutiny against Boehner if they the perceive any capitulation in his dealing with the Democrats.

On Thursday, Bohner’s top deputy. Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, was forced to address the acrimony inside the GOP caucus. He told reporters that the conservatives who wanted to oust Boehner were distracting and dividing Republicans during negotiations with Democrats.

The danger to Boehner lies in the insistence of some in his party that he not allow any funding package for the federal government if it includes funding for Planned Parenthood, the provider of health services to women recently embroiled in controversy over fetal tissue harvesting.

Logan Graffin rushed for a touchdown on fourth-and-goal in overtime as Margaretta defeated Western Reserve 36-28 on Friday. 

The Polar Bears (2-0) held Western Reserve off on its ensuing possession. 

Margaretta trailed 28-20 with 5 minutes, 01 second remaining before Tyler Henderson connected with Noah Hilton for a 42-yard touchdown. The Polar Bears tied the game with a 2-point conversion. 

Hilton (14 yards) and James Fisher (51) caught scoring passes from Henderson in the first half. 

Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/1EGHm7S

For Immigrants – And All of Us – A Time to Fight 
by  Bernard Weisberger 
 

 
It has so far annoyed but not really surprised me that Donald Trump, despite being an obnoxious bully, has defied expectations with a steady rise in the public opinion polls. It may be that his buffoonery and megalomania are simply more attractive to some early voters than rival candidates, with their solemn professions that what pushes them into the grind of campaigning is their dedication to promoting the public welfare. 
 
But I am considerably more than annoyed when Trump puts himself at the head of the armies of the new nativism by using his bullhorn to echo the warnings of the movement’s Cassandras against the supposed “hordes” of undocumented immigrants pouring through our “open southern border.” His point of attack is the so-called “anchor babies” — children of pregnant mothers who supposedly sneak into the United States so that their children will be born here and automatically become citizens. 
 
The hidden, malodorous and unproven subtext is that these children, entitled to the privileges of citizenship, will open the gates to legalizing the entry of family members, swarms of whom will qualify for welfare state entitlement programs, so that they may live in happy idleness at the expense of ¨real” American taxpayers. None of these suppositions has yet been proven by any serious evidence. 
 
So thus far, disgusting enough. But when Trump dipped into the gutter to add to this repertory of lies and half truths one of the oldest and rankest — namely that Mexico was emptying its prisons and asylums to let rapists and thieves run free on our streets (a charge eagerly snapped up by the likes of O’Reilly and Limbaugh , and left unchallenged by many of Trump’s rivals for the nomination) – I boiled over. That’s crossing the line that separates debate from shameless indecency. 
 
I am a historian of the United States and have heard it all before, sometimes almost verbatim and no less gross. Our works of history rightly celebrate our role as a land of asylum and opportunity for people from almost everywhere on the globe. It’s a pillar of our cherished self-image as exceptional among nations. But they often overlook or minimize the contrasting truth that there was always stiff resistance to that hospitality. 
 
Listen to this: “America has become the sewer into which the pollutions of European jails are emptied.” Substitute “Mexican” or “Latin American” for “European” and it could be straight out of Trump’s latest eruption. But it’s from a newspaper published in the 1850s by supporters of an anti-Catholic and foreigner-hating movement that began as a secret society whose members were ordered, when asked nosy questions, to say: “I know nothing.” Eventually, the “Know-Nothings” emerged into the open and organized themselves into a political organization that campaigned in 1854 as “the American Party.” 
 
In that first off-year foray, the new entry won a number of state and local offices and some seats in both House and Senate. The basic glue that held Know-Nothing-ism together was hatred of the alien (especially the Irish). The slither of the Know Nothings into the American Party was a way of “protecting” America from the Pope’s minions and other evil foreign influences. Happily, 1854 was only a flash in the pan. When the party ran a national ticket headed by so respectable a figure as ex-US President Millard Fillmore, they won only a single state, Maryland. 
 

 
A Know-Nothing cartoon depicting stereotypes about whiskey drinking Irish and beer drinking Germans as they steal the ballot box while Americans fight at the polls. 

 
By the time Abraham Lincoln ran for the Senate in 1858, two years before his presidential campaign, as many as half of the American people were the offspring of Europeans and could not trace their ancestry back to the stirring days of 1776. But if they looked at the Declaration of Independence, Lincoln said in a campaign speech in Chicago, they found the words “all men are created equal” became “the father of all moral principle in them, and they have a right to claim it as though they were blood of the blood, and flesh of the flesh of the men who wrote that Declaration, and so they are.” This self-evident truth of equal creation became the “electric cord that link[ed] the hearts of patriotic and liberty-loving men everywhere.” To be American was not about ancestry but to commit oneself heart and soul to the ideal of equality. 
 
A few years later, Lincoln was dead along with some 600,000 casualties of the Civil War, and a radical Republican Congress oversaw writing the Union’s victory into the Constitution via the Fourteenth Amendment. Its opening clause proclaimed, “All persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.” That flipped the prewar position, in which state citizenship was necessary to become a United States citizen, leaving room for states to refuse citizenship to “undesirables” like Negroes and foreigners. Now, no state could deny its born or naturalized resident citizens “the equal protection of its laws” or the guarantees of the Bill of Rights. 
 
The Fourteenth Amendment clearly intended to make sure that the newly freed ex-slaves would have their full civil rights, though it would take a Fifteenth to specify that voting was included. The inclusion of children born in the United States to recent immigrants was almost incidental. That is the “error” that the enemies of birthright citizenship aim to correct. They argue that almost no other nations outside the Western hemisphere show such foolish generosity. Somehow, this is one issue on which they are willing to forget or forgo our proud exceptionalism. 
 
Meanwhile, American ports began receiving the first waves of an enormous and transformative mass migration — some 31 million between 1860 and 1930. They represented a “new” immigration: Chinese, Italians, Greeks, Poles, Russians, Syrians, Slovaks, Serbs, Armenians. To many so-called “old stock” Americans, millions of these newcomers were dangerous and unworthy, and to the members of an Immigration Restriction League – which included in its number many of “the best people” of New England – the immigrants were of the “wrong” religions and nationalities. Poet Thomas Bailey Aldrich explained that through our “unguarded gates” pressed, 
 
… a wild motley throng 
Men from the Volga and the Tartar Steppes… 
Flying the Old World’s poverty and scorn; 
These bringing with them unknown gods and rites 
Those, tiger passions, here to stretch their claws. 
 
The same old charges were recycled — newcomers threatened the jobs of Americans; they swelled the statistics of crime, violence and dependency; they clung stubbornly to their religions, customs and languages and could neither absorb nor understand the values of genuine Americans. 
 
A poster from the 1890s on the topic of barring Chinese immigrants from America. 
 
A poster from the 1890s on the topic of barring Chinese immigrants from America.[/caption]Eventually, the gates began to swing shut on unrestricted immigration. There was denial of entry to those convicted of crimes in their home countries — which might include rebellion against tyrannical regimes. Then, rejection for those harboring contagious diseases. A third barrier, literacy tests, never quite made it into law but in 1921 and 1924, laws were enacted that set overall limits on immigration, divided by “national origins” quotas that favored the descendants of pre-1860 immigrants, while sharply narrowing openings for the children and grandchildren of those who had come later. Asians were barred completely. 
 
But those who squeezed through narrowed gates did what immigrants have always done when given a chance — assimilated the American values of the time, grabbed educational opportunities provided by the public school system, and by the millions took out the naturalization papers that gave them the ultimate step in acceptance — participating in democracy on an equal footing with the snootiest Mayflower descendant. So armed, they entered American politics and, over time, changed it for the better. 
 
A three-decade period of liberalism following the Depression, World War II and the assumption of an American global presence resulted in a 1965 change to the laws that replaced national origins quotas with others based on family reunification, specially needed skills, and refugee status. They erased the barrier to Asians altogether, setting off a new and continuing wave of immigration, still in progress. 
 
But none of this will continue if the likes of Trump and his allies can help it. The children of that slandered “new” immigration helped to build our cities and dedicated their working lives in mines, mills and factories to make us a mighty industrial power. They fought and died in our wars. But for some “real Americans” that hasn’t been enough. So here we are again, in a period of reaction, staring into the ugly face of nativism. 
 
The Know Nothing / American Party flag 
 
Trump’s announced intention to deport 11 million “illegals” while building a wall from the Pacific to the Gulf of Mexico at no cost — details conveniently not provided — is simultaneously savage and ludicrous. Yet what troubles me deeply is the possibility of this kind of cesspool politics finding wider acceptance, or being ignored apathetically by large numbers of Americans. Even more disturbing is the sluggishness of the response from Republican and Democratic opinion makers. Where is the outrage? Why is the counterattack left largely to Hispanic organizations? Why isn’t every decent media outlet shouting a few, simple home truths over the bullhorns of those insisting on their xenophobic lies? Such truths as these: 
 The “illegals” are not indolent. For years now they have been picking our crops, nursing our elderly, cleaning our homes and babysitting our children. They are not freeloaders. That honor should be reserved for people like rancher Cliven Bundy who grazes his cattle on federally owned land but refuses to pay federal fees and taxes.  They do not take jobs from Americans. Their bottom-of-the-ladder, low-wage service jobs don’t pay enough to attract American workers, white or black. Probably as many or more job losses are caused by employers moving operations abroad — or automation, which is a generic problem for all of today’s workers.  They are not “takers.” They contribute positively to the economy through sales and excise taxes, and cannot claim Social Security, Medicare or other benefits because it would reveal their undocumented status — which makes them vulnerable to threats and exploitation by their bosses.  Their crime rates are comparable to those of the general population, allowing for differences in income and living conditions.  
It’s true that completely unregulated immigration may no longer be feasible. But the movement of people from poor and turbulent nations to wealthy, stable and reasonably free ones is happening all over the world. Our governments must come together in trade and economic treaties that level the playing field by helping to enrich and empower poorer peoples. Trade pacts need to elevate the status of working men and women rather than maximize the profits of corporations promising that some of the swag will mysteriously trickle down to “the lower orders.” 
 
Until that miracle happens, no walls will keep desperate and courageous, motivated people from taking big risks to evade or scale them. Far better to provide our undocumented with reasonable and non-punitive paths to citizenship. 
 
An illustration of immigrants on the steerage deck of an ocean steamer passing the Statue of Liberty from Frank Leslie’s Illustrated Newspaper, July 2, 1887. (Courtesy of National Park Service, Statue of Liberty NM) 

 
That can’t take place when truth is befogged by racist and hateful lies, which is the reason that every school should teach and every network newscast should repeat this essential reality: the story of our nation’s long practice of welcoming immigrants and opening a wide door to full rights is an American triumph, all the more so because it has been achieved over constant resistance and with many relapses and setbacks. 
 
Should Trump and associates ever get their way, the symbol of America would change from the Statue of Liberty with her uplifted torch lighting the path through the golden door to one of the Wall, complete with searchlights, guard towers, barbed wire and watchdogs. May it never be so. 
 
Bernard A. Weisberger is a historian who has been by turns a university professor, an editor of American Heritage and a collaborator on several of Bill’s documentaries. He is the author of Many People, One Nation, a history of immigration to the United States. This article was run on www.billmoyers.com and has been reposted here with their permission. 
 
The post For Immigrants – And All of Us – A Time to Fight (Guest Voice) appeared first on The Moderate Voice .

(Stephen Lovekin/) 
After allegedly getting shot at a concert earlier this year, a man is suing pop star Chris Brown, TMZ reports.  

Paul Briley, a fan who attended Brown's Jan 11 show at a San Jose nightclub claims the singer failed to provide enough security, which ultimately led to the violence. 
 
According to TMZ, Brown was on stage when shots were fired and five people were injured. 
 
Brown was unharmed. 
 
Briley alleges that because of multiple incidents at Brown concerts, the singer should have had more security that night.  Brown's people, however, aren't having it.  
 
Nicole Perna, who represents Brown, issued this statement to Billboard : "It is a poor reflection of our society that violence is so prevalent and it is always a tragedy when someone is physically harmed," she said. 
 
"However, this is a completely frivolous lawsuit. We expect that the case will be dismissed and in future, to avoid these reoccurring meritless lawsuits directed at Chris Brown." 
 
Perna said they plan to seek damages from "all parties and their lawyers." 
 
In August last year, former hip-hop mogul Suge Knight and two others  were shot at a pre-VMA party hosted by Brown. Brown later tweeted his frustration:  "It's disappointing that we as a society can't have fun or enjoy ourselves without any altercations sometimes." 
 
A month later,  a fan was stabbed while Brown was performing at a Drake and Lil Wayne after-party in Hollywood. 
 
Briley's claim comes just over a month after Brown made headlines for being stranded in the Philippines  after he was accused of skipping out on a concert he was paid to perform. 
 
NOW WATCH: New aerial footage shows aftermath of explosion in China 

More From Business Insider 

A brunette Taylor Swift debuts her 'Wildest Dreams' music video during MTV VMAs 
Here's the brilliant way Justin Bieber used tons of celebrities to market his newest song 
Carly Rae Jepsen made a brilliant career move after ‘Call Me Maybe’ — and now she has the best pop album of the year

Chinese giant Baidu is getting in on the phone personal assistant game with the launch of Duer, marking a major improvement on the previous system launched on the Baidu app three years ago.
The post appeared first on Silicon…  
Chinese giant Baidu is getting in on the phone personal assistant game with the launch of Duer, marking a major improvement on the previous system launched on the Baidu app three years ago. 

Baidu’s Duer, which effectively translates to ‘Du Secretary’ was given a major demonstration with aims of using artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to challenge the systems developed by Apple and Google. 

Much has been made of its development considering that one of the driving forces behind its machine learning technology is world-renowned expert in the field, Andrew Ng, who joined the company back in 2014. 

Much like its competitors, Baidu’s Duer is working towards allowing the user to place orders online with services like buying cinema tickets or ordering takeaway food. 

According to Tech In Asia, this first step into AI will be expanded into allowing for other services including hailing a taxi and ordering other online goods. 

Perhaps most interestingly, it is hoped Duer will engage with the internet of things (IoT) home by allowing it to control devices in the home as well as connect them with a healthcare provider. 

When talking about Duer and its capabilities, Baidu…

Australian journalist Alan Morison and his Thai colleague Chutima Sidasathian are acquitted on charges of defaming the Royal Thai Navy. 

Phuket: Veteran Australian journalist Alan Morison and his Thai colleague Chutima Sidasathian have been acquitted on charges of defaming the Royal Thai Navy in a case that will have far-reaching consequences for the media in military-run Thailand.

Morison, 67, said the ruling delivered to a packed court on the Thai resort island of Phuket "sends a clear message from Thailand's judicial system that Thailand's media should be free".

"We hope it is sign of Thailand's growing maturity and that the media and military can live side by side," he said.

Morison and Chutima, 34, had faced up to seven years' jail on unprecedented charges brought by the Thai navy.

Chutima collapsed into the arms of her mother when a judge announced the verdict.

Two judges ruled that Morison and Chutima had no intention to damage Thailand's reputation in the story they published in 2013 on Phuketwan, a small online news website.

They said the information they published came from Reuters, a reliable news organisation, and was not their own.

Morison, a former senior editor of The Age, has been spending his life's savings publishing Phuketwan, which has led coverage of the plight of Rohingyas from Myanmar who have been described by the United Nations as among the world's most persecuted people.

Mark Plunkett, a Brisbane barrister who observed the trial for Australia's MEAA union, said the court is to be congratulated for arriving at a just result on the merits of the case.

"However, Thailand's defamation and Computer Crime Act laws must be repealed as they constitute a hideous threat to freedom of speech and democracy in Thailand," he said.

The controversial trial came amid dramatic revelations of a grim people smuggling trade across South-east Asia where people were abandoned at sea and in jungle death camps by traffickers.

Images of starving and distressed Rohingyas on boats in the region's waters shocked the world, prompting a Thai crackdown and eventually forcing South-east Asian governments to act together to end the trade.

More than 100 people were arrested, including senior Thai officials.

The charges related to a single paragraph re-published in Phuketwan from a Reuters report that subsequently won a Pulitzer prize, the world's top journalism award.

But the Royal Thai Navy only laid charges over the Phuketwan re-publication, prompting criticism that it had singled out a small independent news outlet. Chutima had worked as a paid fixer for Reuters on its Rohingya coverage and introduced Reuters reporters to news sources.

Reuters, one of the world's largest media and information companies, distanced itself from the case.

Prosecution witnesses gave no explanation in court as to why only Phuketwan was charged.

Defence lawyers argued in court that the Reuters paragraph quoting a people smuggler saying "Thai naval forces" sometimes earned money or turned a blind eye to Rohingya boats did not name the Royal Thai Navy and that there were multiple naval forces in Thailand, including the coastguard and police. That argument went uncontested in court.

In the indictment the words "Thai naval forces" was erroneously translated into "Royal Thai Navy", the court was told.

Defence lawyers also questioned whether a branch of the armed forces could sue for defamation when no individuals were identified as being aggrieved by the story.

They also argued the Computer Crimes Act should not be applied in defamation cases.

Morison and Chutima earlier this year sent a letter to Thai authorities expressing "deep regret" at what had transpired but insisted an apology was not warranted.

"We had no intention of apologising for something that we haven't done," Morison said. "This was a matter of important principle. This case was wrong from the beginning, with one or two officers acting on bad advice."

Morison could have left Thailand to avoid the trial but said he had stayed to fight the case with Chutima in the interests of media freedom.

After the verdict, Morison said he would consider the future of Phuketwan in the coming days. "Fighting the case has been a huge financial and personal burden," he said.

Phil Robertson, the deputy director of Human Rights Watch's Asia division, said: "This whole episode shows a fundamental lack of understanding among Thai government and military officials about what a free press is really about and the role it plays in democratic society.

"Thailand needs to revoke both its criminal defamation statute and the Computer Crimes Act to end this assault on media freedom."

Kingsley Abbott, from the International Commission of Jurists, said while the acquittals are very welcome, "Thailand must now move to abolish criminal defamation, which is an abuse of freedom of expression and is out of line with its international legal obligations". The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

Two fraudsters who laundered £2.6 million meant for a new Channel Island airport runway have been sent to prison. 
 
John Woodhatch, aged 58, of Boleyn Court in Buckhurst Hill, was sent to prison for five years for his part in a “payment diversion” fraud on the States of Guernsey. 
 
Adrian Taylor, 44, from Swanley in Kent, was also jailed for six years when the pair appeared at the Old Bailey last Wednesday (September 9) having both pleaded guilty to money laundering. 
 
The duo contacted the Guernsey Treasury in June 2012 claiming to be from Lagan Construction, which is carrying out a £50 million project at the island’s airport. 
 
The pair told the treasury that they wanted to change the bank account details into which monthly payments were being made. 
 
Once this was agreed and the latest monthly payment of £2.6 million had been transferred into the new RBS account, Woodhatch, who was working as a City broker, immediately instructed the bank to move the funds to accounts in Dubai and Turkey. 
 
Woodhatch told RBS the transfers were mainly to pay for a horse in Dubai, but the bank’s money laundering team was not convinced and referred the matter to the City of London Police in July 2012. 
 
After several days, Woodhatch was arrested and his home and commercial address in the city were searched. 
 
A review of the accounts found that £52,000 of the stolen funds had been transferred to Taylor, who was arrested in October 2012 after he handed himself in to police. 
 
Detective Inspector Rob Stirling, who led the investigation for the City of London Police, said: 
 
“Woodhatch and Taylor thought they were too smart to be caught and would be left free to spend the £2.6 million stolen from the States of Guernsey. 
   
 Share article  
   
“Unfortunately for them the City of London Police specialises in investigating cases of financial fraud and bringing those responsible to justice. 
 
“Woodhatch and Taylor’s scam should also serve as a warning to other public and private sector bodies that could easily be targeted by fraudsters in the same way.”

Transitions Optical, Inc. has announced the opening of a new Transitions Innovation Awards Program for 2015 – with five categories celebrating both individuals and companies from the U.S. and Canada for their innovative efforts to support the Transitions brand over the past year. 
 
Open to independent eyecare professionals and practices; optical industry professionals and educators; national and regional retailers; and optical laboratories, the Transitions Innovation Awards categories include: 
 
- 2015 Transitions Brand Ambassador (Individual-only award) 
- Best in Growth Achievement 
- Best in Training 
- Best in Marketing 
- Best in Patient Experience 
 
“Amidst the ever-changing technology advances and changes made within our industry, one thing has always remained important within our business model and that’s partnership,” said Jose Alves, general manager, Americas, Transitions Optical. “We’ve evolved our Awards program to better credit our partners for the innovative approaches and strategies they are taking. Our hope is to showcase efforts all of our partners take to unite, educate and serve our customers and each other.” 
 
Nominations for all Transitions Innovation Awards will be accepted online (at TransitionsCanadaPRO.ca/Awards) from October 1 – 31, 2015. To enter, candidates must complete a nomination form and detail their 2015 efforts in the following evaluation areas: commitment and inspiration, goals, plan and creativity, and impact and results. Nominees are welcome to enter more than one category and can self-enter, or can be nominated by a lab, lens manufacturer, industry colleague or other industry organization representative. 
 
Up to three finalists in each category will be honored during the 2016 Transitions Academy, held February 3-6 in Orlando, Fla., where the winner will be announced. All finalists will be invited to attend the Transitions Academy event, and winners will receive funds for an employee celebration and marketing and public relations support. 
 
For additional information, industry professionals should visit TransitionsCanadaPRO.ca/Awards or contact Transitions Optical Customer Service at CustomerServiceCanada@transitions.com. 
 Pin It

Increased capacity and speed through Comcast Business Services enhances Natera's ability to access cloud-based analytical software 

SAN CARLOS, Calif., Sept. 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Comcast Business today announced that Natera, Inc., a leader in non-invasive genetic testing, has upgraded its Comcast Business Ethernet services to more efficiently run its portfolio of genetic tests. 

Natera, which helps families identify and manage genetic diseases, is pioneering next-generation accuracy and reliability with tests ranging from preimplantation genetic diagnosis for in vitro fertilization to revolutionary advances in the field of non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT). The company has experienced dramatic growth over the past 18 months. With this growth came an increased demand for fast and scalable broadband Internet. Natera turned to Comcast Business and now has the bandwidth capacity to operate faster and more efficiently. 

"Natera's business of processing genome-scale data requires fast and reliable Internet access. And when our business grew exponentially and we needed more bandwidth, Comcast responded quickly," said Jonathan Sheena, co-founder and Chief Technology Officer of Natera.  

Natera upgraded its fiber based connection from 50Mbps to 200Mbps with Comcast Business, so the company has a fast, secure and scalable Ethernet connection. In addition, Natera recently expanded to 200Mbps circuits, an increase of nearly 200 percent. 

"Scalable, reliable, and efficient solutions are critical for growing companies in today's digital environment," said Ted Girdner, Vice President of Comcast Business for Comcast's California Region. "Natera is providing critical genetic testing services, and we're pleased to provide a solution that enhances their ability to offer these important, next-generation tests to patients." 

About Natera 

Natera (Nasdaq: NTRA) is a leading genetic testing company that develops and commercializes non-invasive methods for analyzing DNA. The mission of the company is to transform the diagnosis and management of genetic disease. In pursuit of that mission, Natera operates a CAP-accredited laboratory certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) in San Carlos, CA, and it currently offers a host of proprietary genetic testing services primarily to OB/GYN physicians and fertility centers, as well as to genetic laboratories through its cloud-based Constellation™ software system. Tests include the Spectrum™ pre-implantation genetic test for embryo selection during IVF; the Anora™ miscarriage test to understand the genetic causes of a pregnancy loss; the Horizon™ carrier screen to detect inherited mutations; and the Panorama™ non-invasive prenatal test (NIPT) to screen for common chromosomal anomalies in a fetus as early as nine weeks of gestation. Natera is also applying its unique technologies to develop non-invasive screening and diagnostic tools for earlier detection and improved treatment of cancer. These tests have not been cleared or approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. 

For more information, call 650-249-9090. Follow us on Twitter @NateraPrenatal and on other social media networks at http://natera.mediaroom.com/social-media. 

About Comcast Business 

Comcast Business, a unit of Comcast Cable, provides advanced communication solutions to help organizations of all sizes meet their business objectives. Through a next-generation network that is backed by 24/7 technical support, Comcast delivers Business Internet, Ethernet, TV and a full portfolio of Voice services for cost-effective, simplified communications management. 

For more information, call 866-429-3085. 

Follow us on Twitter @ComcastBusiness and on other social media networks at http://business.comcast.com/social. 

About Comcast Cable: 

Comcast Cable is the nation's largest video, high-speed Internet and phone provider to residential customers under the XFINITY brand and also provides these services to businesses.  Comcast has invested in technology to build an advanced network that delivers among the fastest broadband speeds, and brings customers personalized video, communications and home management offerings.  Comcast Corporation (Nasdaq: CMCSA, CMCSK) is a global media and technology company.  Visit www.comcastcorporation.com for more information. 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/natera-bolsters-broadband-service-to-more-efficiently-deliver-its-non-invasive-genetic-screening-technology-services-300150014.html 

SOURCE Comcast Business 

Published Sep. 29, 2015 

Copyright © 2015 SYS-CON Media, Inc. — All Rights Reserved. 

Syndicated stories and blog feeds, all rights reserved by the author.

The game's release date will apparently be revealed in March of 2015, so that'll be the date of the announcement, or rather at least when Square Enix will have a good idea about when they can actually bring it out...

Nigeria, Africa's largest oil producer, is looking to renegotiate oil contracts between state-owned oil company NNPC and oil majors such as Shell, Chevron and Exxonmobil.

VANCOUVER , Sept. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- Big Bad Boo Studios announced today the launch of a series of educational iOS games for its new preschool mini-series Lili & Lola . Backed by the Canadian Media Fund and several Canadian broadcasters, the project features language-learning iPad and iPhone games in the Persian language. There are four apps in the series, with each focusing on a different educational component for the language. The project targets preschoolers who are bilingual or are learning the Persian language. In addition to the games, the company has also released a show website at www.liliandlolashow.com where additional web only games are available free of charge as well as downloadable educational materials such as coloring sheets, screen savers and Persian Alphabet tracing sheets. 

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150912/265905  
   
Shabnam Rezaei , the creator of the show said, "I am really hopeful that parents and educators will find these games and materials useful to teach basic Persian language skills. Our test audiences love them and we are very excited to be active in mobile gaming with value-added, educational content." 

The games include "Learn the Persian Alphabet" game, which teaches children how to trace each letter and the sound of each letter. The "Quiz Show" game teaches every day vocabulary. The "Hide and Seek" game teaches prepositions in a fun setting, where the player looks for the lost monkey "Maymoon" in various rooms in the house. Last but not least, the "Memory Match" game focuses on strengthening memory through a traditional visual memory game. The games are free and available on the Apple iTunes Store. Two of the games have additional packs, which can be purchased for 99 cents . 

  Lili & Lola , Big Bad Boo Studios' latest miniseries, launched earlier this year on several TV stations include Shaw Multicultural, ICI Television, TenTV and Oznoz.com. The show follows the adventures of two sisters who live in a small apartment in a big city. Lili & Lola celebrates cultural diversity by showcasing an Iranian family celebrating holidays like Norooz, the Persian New Year and introducing language to a young audience in a normalized fashion. Episodes of Lili & Lola are available for streaming and downloading exclusively on the new SVOD channel, Oznoz.com. 

About Big Bad Boo Studios 

Big Bad Boo Studios is dedicated to producing quality family programming that is entertaining and educational such as their latest mini-series Lili and Lola. Their hit TV series 1001 Nights has won 4 LEO awards with 11 nominations and is airing in over 80 countries and 15 languages, including Teletoon Canada, Disney and Discovery Kids. The company has offices in New York , Los Angeles and Vancouver. Their first product Babak & Friends – A First Norooz was a direct-to-DVD cartoon about the Persian New Year. Their first animated TV series, Mixed Nutz, about a group of misfits from around the world, airs on Shaw TV, PBS, GEM TV and major stations around the world. The company also distributes popular children's content like Sesame Street, Bob the Builder, Babar and others in multiple languages to North America on the new Oznoz Platform. Visit www.bigbadboo.ca and www.oznoz.com . 

For more information, please contact: 

Nina Gabriadze / Big Bad Boo 

212.960.8980 / nina@bigbadboo.ca 

Media Contact: Nina Gabriadze, Oznoz Entertainment, 2129608980, nina@oznoz.com 

News distributed by PR Newswire iReach: https://ireach.prnewswire.com 

SOURCE  Oznoz Entertainment

Sreenshot of iTunes. [Photo/chinadaily.com.cn]

US technology company Apple Inc announced on Wednesday that Apple Music, iTunes Movies and iBooks are now available to customers in China. 

Music fans in China are invited to a three-month trial membership of Apple Music, after which a 10 yuan ($1.57)/month subscription fee will apply. 

Apple Music in China features millions of songs in its catalog, with artists such as Eason Chan, Li Ronghao, JJ Lin and G.E.M., as well as a wide range of international artists, including Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran. 

iTunes Movies and iBooks were also jointly released for Chinese consumers. Screenshot of Apple Music. [Photo/chinadaily.com.cn]

"For the first time, customers in China will have access to Apple's entertainment ecosystem with music, movies and books right at their fingertips," said Apple. 

"Customers in China love the App Store and have made it our largest market in the world for app downloads," said Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. "One of the top requests has been more great content and we're thrilled to bring music, movies and books to China, curated by a local team of experts." 

During the typical "one more thing" segment of Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), Apple CEO Tim Cook introduced the Apple Music app. 

Cook said Apple Music is a "revolutionary streaming music service", a pioneering worldwide live radio station from Apple broadcasting 24 hours a day. 

Apple Music launched on June 30 in over 100 countries. Screenshot of Apple Music. [Photo/chinadaily.com.cn]

Dear Future ClientATLANTA - Sept. 28, 2015 - -- is excited to announce the launch of a new YouTube video called “Dear Future Client.” A parody of Meghan Trainor’s “Dear Future Husband,” the video highlights the company’s culture, services and creative ingenuity.

“This video shows what mRELEVANCE can do for our clients in a fun way,” says Managing Partner Carol Morgan. “We are a unique company that uses an integrated approach to get results, and we think the video perfectly captures our originality and enthusiasm for what we do.”

The video begins with a prospective client struggling to reach its audience and gain online attention. That’s when the mRELEVANCE team shows up to save the day, telling the “future client” about how they will always go the extra mile to make sure all of the company’s marketing needs and goals will not only be met, but exceeded.

“When a client comes to us with a challenge, we understand the importance of tailoring our services to their specific needs,” says Managing Partner Mitch Levinson. “At mRELEVANCE, if it’s considered marketing, we do it. With our industry knowledge and services we help clients find success and ROI every day, and we want future clients to know that we can help them too.”

Both current and future clients can view the video on the mRELEVANCE website and its YouTube channel, where it recently made its debut. Future clients and other industry leaders will have a chance to see the video at the Greater Atlanta Home Builders Association’s Annual OBIE Awards this November, where mRELEVANCE is the video sponsor of the event, and eligible to win in several categories. “Dear Future Client” will also make its way to the showroom floor in Las Vegas at the National Association of Home Builders International Builders’ Show in January. Make sure to stop by the mRELEVANCE booth during the show – NextBuild C2665.

To learn more about how mRELEVANCE creates successful, innovative campaigns for clients every day and to see the “Dear Future Client” video, visit .About Marketing RELEVANCE:

mRELEVANCE, LLC creates relevant marketing and communications that reach audiences with focused and strategic messages. Through technology and creative content, messages are delivered to target markets to encourage customer action and interaction.

With offices in Atlanta and Chicago, mRELEVANCE can connect your company with buyers and build relevant relationships nationwide. For more information, visit , Like us on Facebook at , Follow us on Twitter at @mRELEVANCE or call 770-383-3360 or 847-259-7312.

Contact

mRELEVANCE, LLC

***@mrelevance.com

KANELAND—A busy week that saw some positives and negatives culminated with the first victory of the season for the Kaneland boys soccer team. 
The Knights (1-3-1) blanked Hinckley-Big Rock, 3-0, on Friday afternoon in Maple Park. 
 
“It felt really good to get that one, and the boys needed that, especially after playing against so many tough teams,” Knights coach Scott Parillo said. “They had a little more time and were able to create some scoring chances.” 
 
Javier Correa scored twice on headers to pace the Knights to the win. 
 
Rain forced a postponement of two games on Aug. 29 so the Knights made up their game against Jacobs on Thursday. Once again, weather played a factor, shortening the game, but it didn’t affect the outcome as Jacobs won handily, 4-1. 
 
Trevor Jahns accounted for Kaneland’s lone goal in a game that was called in the 62nd minute due to weather. 
 
“It was not one of our better games,” Parillo said. “We certainly didn’t play well in the second half, so I was a little nervous to how we were going to respond on Friday. We played a brutal second half (against Jacobs).” 
 
The Knights started the week with a hard-earned 1-1 tie against Class 3A Dundee-Crown. 
Jahns gave the Knights an early lead with 13:48 left in the first half, but Dundee-Crown responded with a goal from Jelani Washington just a little more than three minutes later to knot things at 1-1. 
 
Neither team could break the tie. 
 
“We didn’t have as many chances as they did, although we had some nice chances at the end,” Parillo said. “We’re not playing any powder puff teams though, and this was a good team. I keep telling our guys that it’s going to be a long season if we don’t realize that.” 
 
The schedule doesn’t get any easier for the Knights this week. They were scheduled to travel to DeKalb on Tuesday, and they’ll be at Sycamore this afternoon. 
 
“We’ve played well against West Aurora, Dundee-Crown and now Hinckley,” Parillo said. “It could’ve been higher against Hinckley, but we didn’t convert. We don’t have any gimme games, so these have all been a good test for us, good for our resolve and mental toughness.” 
 
The Knights also haven’t been at full strength for much of the season. Angel Escontrias left Tuesday’s game against Dundee-Crown with an injury and hasn’t played since, although he’s expected back soon. Drew Franklin also has missed some games due to his dual duty as the football team’s placekicker. He booted a pair of PATs last Friday, but also missed a field goal. 
 
“Like I’ve told the kids many times, we’ve got to keep improving,” Parillo said. “It’s not how you start but how you finish. We haven’t hit our stride yet, and have an ugly record once again at the beginning, but we had that last year too and won a regional.”

Organisers of the September 16 rally selling red T-shirts for RM10 each outside PWTC. — Pix by Kamles Kumar KUALA LUMPUR, Sept 9 — As Umno’s powerful supreme council members are locked in a meeting in the headquarters at Menara Dato Onn here this afternoon, organisers of the controversial September 16 rally have opened up a stall outside the adjoining Putra World Trade Centre selling red T-shirts promoting a “Malay dignity uprising”. 
 
Sales of the tees costing RM10 each appear to be brisk. According to one of the sales team, over 5,000 have been sold, and orders are coming in for another 2,000 red shirts to be picked up later. 
 
But who is the September 16 rally organiser? Datuk Jamal Md Yunus (in black suit with specs) holds up a red T-shirt that reads in Bahasa Malaysia: Malay dignity uprising, Padang Merbok, Bukit Bintang, Petaling Street, My Homeland. 
 
According to Datuk Jamal Md Yunos who heads a self-styled coalition of Malay non-government organisations that is facilitating sales of the red T-shirts and will help to mobilise participation on that day, the organiser is a little-known Malay rights group called Pesaka. 
 
“The rally organiser is Pesaka. We’re just helping with mobilising the rally,” Jamal who is also Sungai Besar Umno division chief told Malay Mail Online when met at the booth sale. 
 
Jamal added that the group has received over 600,000 orders for the T-shirts nationwide and is expected to sell 30,000 over this weekend. 
 
“We have over 5,000 shirts printed and ready to be sold. We have got overwhelming response with pre-orders reaching thousands coming in. We think we need to print more,” he told reporters who had turned up to cover the Umno supreme council meeting. 
 
Jamail said the earlier batch was sold out because of the outpouring of support from Malaysians to join the rally. 
 
“The orders keep coming in. Hope we can sell all by the time the rally happens. Now we have got itself over 600,000 nationwide from various groups who are helping to sell the T-shirt,” he explained. 
 
Major Razali Zakaria from another Malay movement called GMPN said his NGO had already ordered over 1,000 pieces of T-shirts ahead of the upcoming rally on September 16. 
 
“A lot of my members have expressed interest to purchase this T-shirt. That’s why I am here to buy them before they run out of stock,” he told the Malay Mail Online when approached. Major Razali Zakaria (left) of GMPN says his group is buying 1,000 pieces of the T-shirts for the rally. 
 
The September 16 rally had raised a storm after word of it spread on social media networks in recent days, but no one had owned up as its organiser till now. 
 
The rally, which has also been called the “Dignity Association of Indonesia”, has received unofficial support from some government officials, including Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Ahmad Zahid Hamidi and Domestic Trade, Cooperatives and Consumerism Minister Datuk Seri Ismail Sabri Yaakob. 
 
It is ostensibly in reaction to the Bersih 4 protest on August 29 and 30, and is touted to see a turnout of 300,000 supporters. 
 
But not all of Umno is supportive of the September 16 rally. 
 
It was criticised yesterday by former international trade and industry minister Tan Sri Rafidah Aziz, who dubbed it an instigation to racialisation with its call for Malays, especially those from the country’s ruling party, to unite against the DAP and organisers of Bersih 4. 
 
Police have prohibited the rally but Umno-linked newspaper Utusan Malaysia in its weekend edition last Sunday pressed the authorities to allow the rally to take place, saying it was necessary to counter what it dubbed as the Chinese-dominated Bersih 4 rally. 
 
Election watchdog Bersih 2.0 organised the street overnight on August 29 and 30 to demand for electoral reforms as well as the resignation of Datuk Seri Najib Razak as prime minister owing to a controversy surrounding his receipt of a RM2.6 billion donation from the Middle East. 
 
September 16, which falls on a Wednesday, is Malaysia Day and a national holiday.

PR-Inside.com: 2015-09-29 03:54:30 
Report Summary 
The China Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding Industry Market Research Report 2015 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding industry.
 

The report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding market analysis is provided for the China markets including development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status.
 

Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and Bill of Materials cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export consumption, supply and demand Figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins.
 
The report focuses on China major leading industry players providing information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also carried out. The Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. 
With 188 tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
 

Key Topics Covered: 
 

Chapter One Industry Overview
 

Chapter Two Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding
 

Chapter Three Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis
 

Chapter Four Sales Analysis of Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding by Regions, Product Type, and Applications
 

Chapter Five Sales Revenue Analysis of Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding by Regions,Product Type, and Applications
 

Chapter Six Analysis of Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding Production, Supply, Sales and Demand Market Status 2010-2015
 

Chapter Seven Analysis of Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding Industry Key Manufacturers
 

Chapter Eight Price and Gross Margin Analysis
 

Chapter Nine Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding
 

Chapter Ten Analysis of Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding Production, Supply, Sales and Demand Development Forecast 2015-2020
 

Chapter Eleven Industry Chain Suppliers of Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding with Contact Information
 

Chapter Twelve New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding
 

Chapter Thirteen Conclusion of the China Unsaturated Polyester Resin for Transfer Molding Industry Report 2015
 

Woul like to place an order or any question, please feel free to contact me~O(∩_∩)O~
 

Contact : Lemon；
 

Email: lemon@qyresearchglobal.com  

Phone: 001-8883654458 or +86-20-8665 5165 
 

Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ 
Press Information 
Qyresearch 
Apt 1408 1785 Riverside Drive Ottawa, ON, K1G 3T7 Canada 
Lemon Koo 
Sales manager 
86-2086655163 
email 
qyresearchglobal.com/

This Egyptian Billionaire Offers To Buy An Island off Italy Or Greece To Rehouse Syrian Refugees Subscribe and get Galactic News Daily Updates:By this point I’m sure most people have heard of the very alarming Syrian Refugee crisis. With an estimated 4 million refugees having fled the country since 2011, the United Nations is calling this the worst humanitarian crisis since World War II. What may have seemed like nothing more than a thinking out loud style tweet has quickly developed into something incredible, sounding more like something out of a movie than a real life response to crisis. Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris tweeted the following on September first: Greece or Italy sell me an island,ill call its independence and host the migrants and provide jobs for them building their new country — Naguib Sawiris (@NaguibSawiris) September 1, 2015 He does recognize that his idea may seem a little crazy and farfetched, but he’s definitely seriously considering it, if his subsequent tweet is any indication. Crazy idea .. Maybe but at least temporary until they can return to their countries ??!! — Naguib Sawiris (@NaguibSawiris) September 1, 2015 Who Is Naguib Sawaris? Sawaris is the third richest man in Egypt – with a net worth of 2.9 billion dollars – and chairman of Orascom Telecom Media and Technology, an international telecommunications company from Cairo. In an interview with CNN, Sawaris said: It’s a very simple solution, they [Italy or Greece] sell the island to me. I’ll make a temporary shelter for these people, I’ll make a small port and a marina for boats to land there. I’ll employ the people to build their own places, their own houses … I’ll give them jobs and shelter [until their country is more stable], then once this is done, they can have the choice whether either to go back to their country or stay on this island, the problem is in the politicians. … all I need is the permission to put these people on this island.”
Related:  The Oracle Report Friday, June 19, 2015
What’s The Catch? So far, there doesn’t seem to be one. Sawiris appears to be a genuine man with good intentions who wants to help (and just happens to have a few billion dollars to make it happen). In an interview with Forbes magazine, Sawaris said: “I am serious with my intentions, I want to feel good about having done something good, provide me with the island and I will do the rest. “ From reading several other twitter posts made by Sawaris, it becomes clear that this kind-hearted man was inspired by the death of Aylan Kurdi, the three-year-old boy who drowned off the coast of Turkey with his mother and brother. A picture of the boy’s body washed up on shore made media headlines and revealed the severity of this refugee crisis to the world. He intends to name the island after the boy. I found a name for the Island “ILAN “the young Syrian child thrown on turkish shore by the sea to remind us ! Now i need to find the Island! — Naguib Sawiris (@NaguibSawiris) September 5, 2015 Shortly after this tweet was made, another followed with a hashtag Sawiris had created for his endeavour, #aylanISLAND, and a call for volunteers to help with this extrememely ambitious project. #aylanISLAND Everyone who proposed to volunteer or help in creating #aylanISLAND pls email your proposed contribution to proposals@otmt.com — Naguib Sawiris (@NaguibSawiris) September 7, 2015 Sawaris has many people behind him who fully support his idea and want to help. Could it be the solution to this devastating crisis?
Related:  GERMANY FILES WAR CRIMES AGAINST BUSH, CHENEY, RUMSFELD ET AL
Much Love
All sources are imbedded within this article. -Alanna Ketler "According to the “Fair Use” clause of International Copyright Law, the authors declare that the use of the photos, videos and information in this academic research are analyzed for purposes of “criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, or research” according to Section 107 of Title 17 of the US Code."Related

Singaporeans know what it is like to be engulfed by haze and it can have a significant impact on our overall health and well being. Find out what causes haze, how it can affect your health and some precautions to take to survive during this period.

Stay Indoors: Keep your windows closed as much as possible. Only 10-15% of the pollutants in the air can infiltrate an enclosed building. 

Air Conditioning/ Air Purifier: Switch on the air conditioning and air purifier whenever possible to filter out the pollutants.

Boost Your Immunity: Eat foods packed with Vitamin C, Vitamin E and Omega-3 fatty acids. They are essential for a strong immune system!

Drink Water: Drink plenty of water to keep yourself hydrated. Water is also required to flash out toxins adsorb through skin and lungs.

Wet Cloths: If you do not have a mask, try dampening a towel and cover your nose and mouth. You can also line your window openings with wet towels.

Wear A Mask: Wear a mask if you need to go outdoors. A good quality N95 mask can filter out finer pollutants in the air, keeping you well protected

This story was first published in HealthyMEtv, for more stories, visit www.healthymetv.sg. Check out these !

South Plainfield, NJ -- (SBWIRE) -- 09/15/2015 -- It is one thing to acquire a product such as an MPEG-2 decoder or an MPEG 2 HD encoder from Radiant Communications Corporation, but it is another to ensure that it is working properly. To guarantee that all of their customers are happy with their products, Radiant Communications Corporation is pleased to announce that they offer 24/7 support services. Those who need technical support can give the company a call anytime at 1-800-969-3427. They also pledge that an experienced professional will always be available to answer any questions or concerns.

SOURCE Reportlinker

NEW YORK 

The global veterinary imaging market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period (2015 to 2020). The growing number of companion animals, growth in animal health spending and pet insurance, increasing incidences of cancer, cardiovascular, and neurological diseases in animals, and growing livestock production are the major drivers for this market. However, the high cost of the instruments, severe shortage of skilled veterinarians, and lack of awareness regarding animal health in developing countries may restrain market growth. 

In 2014, North America 

In this report, the market is segmented by products, therapeutic areas, type of animal, end users, and by geography. The veterinary imaging market, by product is segmented into instrument, software, reagents, and services. In 2014, the instrument segment accounted for the largest share of the global veterinary imaging market. This market is poised to reach USD 1.5 billion The veterinary imaging market, by therapeutic areas is classified as cardiology, orthopedics and rheumatology, oncology, nephrology, and other areas such as veterinary dentistry and ophthalmology. Oncology applications accounted for nearly one-third of the veterinary imaging market, in 2014. This market segment is also expected to grow at the highest CAGR of 7.2% during the forecast period. The high growth of this market is mainly to the increasing incidences of cancer in small companion animals. 

On the basis of end user, the veterinary imaging market is segmented into hospitals and clinics, universities and research institutions, and emergency and point-of-care service centers. Hospitals and clinics are the major end users of the veterinary imaging market. This segment held more than 60% share of the veterinary imaging market in 2014; mainly due to the extensive use of veterinary imaging instruments in hospitals and clinics. This is also the fastest growing end user markets for veterinary imaging products. 

Some of the major players from the veterinary imaging market profiled in this report include, Mindray Medical International, Ltd. (China 

Reasons to Buy the Report 

The report will enrich established firms as well as new entrants/smaller firms to gauge the pulse of the market, which in turn would help them garner a greater market share. Firms purchasing the report could use one or any combination of the below-mentioned five strategies (market penetration, product development/innovation, market development, market diversification, and competitive assessment) for reaping greater market shares.

This report provides insights on the following pointers:

- Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on product portfolios offered by top players in the veterinary imaging market. The report analyzes the veterinary imaging market by product, therapeutic areas, type of animal, and end user across all regions

- Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on upcoming trends, research and development activities, and new product launches in the veterinary imaging market

- Market Development: Comprehensive information on the lucrative emerging markets by product, therapeutic area, type of animal, end user, and region

- Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, growing regions, recent developments, and investments in the veterinary imaging market

- Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, growth strategies, products, distribution networks, manufacturing capabilities, and SWOT analysis of leading players in the veterinary imaging market 

Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03260426-summary/view-report.html

About Reportlinker Report

Linker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker reviews, finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. 

http://www.reportlinker.com 

Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com

US: (339)-368-6001

Intl: +1 339-368-6001

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veterinary-imaging-market-by-product--by-application---global-forecast-to-2020---reportlinker-review-300147454.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

LILLE, France (Reuters) – The Czech Republic pulled off the biggest upset of the European basketball championship after mauling Croatia 80-59 to reach the quarter-finals of the 24-nation tournament on Sunday. 
 
Their reward will be a last-eight meeting with rampant Serbia, who secured their own berth with a sixth straight win after beating Finland 94-81. 
 
Italy, 82-52 winners over Israel, take on Lithuania who ground out a dramatic 85-81 victory against fellow former Soviets Georgia. 
 
The other two quarter-final ties feature a heavyweight clash between Spain and Greece while holders and hosts France take on unheralded Latvia. 
 
The Croatians, who won their only international medal as an independent nation in the 1995 tournament when they finished third, failed to end a 20-year wait after they were picked apart by an aggressive Czech side. 
 
The defeat also means the Croatians will miss the 2016 Olympics, with the top two advancing automatically while the next five enter three intercontinental qualifying tournaments for an extra three berths. 
 
The Czechs blew away their rivals with former NBA forward Jan Vesely collecting 20 points and 13 rebounds, as Croatia committed a staggering 24 turnovers. 
 
The fiasco prompted coach Velimir Perasovic to step down straight after the buzzer. 
 
“I am to blame for this defeat and as far as I am concerned my mandate in the national team is over,” Perasovic told Croatian media. 
 
Finland held their own against Serbia for three quarters but last year’s world championship runners-up broke down their stubborn resistance in the final 10 minutes. 
 
Center Miroslav Raduljica poured a game-high 27 points for the Serbians, who pulled away in the final period with a flurry of three-pointers after spells of poor long-range shooting. 
 
“We were too anxious early on and you can’t win the game in the opening three minutes,” Serbia coach Aleksandar Djordjevic told reporters. 
 
“We can’t afford to repeat the mistakes we made against the Finns because the upcoming opponents will be stronger.” 
 
The Italians, aiming for their first title since 1999, dominated as a talent-packed outfit boasting several NBA names produced their best performance of the tournament. 
 
Playmaker Alessandro Gentile buried 27 points and shooting guard Marco Belinelli, who joined the Sacramento Kings from the San Antonio Spurs during the ongoing NBA break, added 14. 
 
Roared on by several thousand fans who made the trip from the Baltic, Lithuania overpowered Georgia on the back of 34 points and six rebounds by forward Jonas Maciulis. 
 
(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic in Belgrade; Editing by Frank Pingue)

Prolonged sitting has been associated with adverse health effects that are only minimally neutralized by exercise, and a new study says aiming for less time spent sitting is the best way to stay healthy. In the study, thought to be the first to explore strategies to conquer what has become a serious public health concern, the research team worked with data from 38 previous intervention trials.

Sixty percent, or 23, of the trials appeared promising in relation to the remaining 39 percent, or 15.

More promising ideas included providing workers with sit-stand desks, encouraging people to keep track of how much time they spend sitting, setting personal goals for reducing sitting time and setting reminders to remind us to take a break.

All of these methods had proven themselves to be successful on their own and, what's more, none of them involve reminding people to exercise.

Other effective methods included informing people of the health benefits that could arise from spending less time sitting.

"The importance of this study is not in showing that interventions can work, but in pointing out how they might work," says co-author Professor Stuart Biddle of Victoria University in Australia. "This is crucial if behavior is to be achieved more efficiently and effectively."

After wrapping up their research, the team recommends looking at sitting time as something independent of the need to exercise more.

While they hope public health workers and policy makers will pick up on their findings, they advise individuals to start thinking this way now.

"...the findings should also be of interest to anyone looking to improve their health by reducing their own sitting time in their day-to-day lives, as many of these interventions can be adopted on an individual level," says co-author Dr. Benjamin Gardner of King's College London.

Published in the journal Health Psychology Review, the study supports another from earlier this year suggesting that regardless of regular exercise, prolonged sedentary periods still pose major health threats.

"Avoiding sedentary time and getting regular exercise are both important for improving your health and survival," said Dr. Alter, Senior Scientist, Toronto Rehab, University Health Network (UHN), and Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences. "It is not good enough to exercise for 30 minutes a day and be sedentary for 23 and half hours."

While the meta-analysis concluded that those with high exercise quotients experience fewer of the consequences of sitting, exercise should not be viewed as a way to cancel out these negative effects.

I love Haley and Andy! Really can't wait for season 7 in 2 days. 
Just wished I could like sleep the next 48 hours off lol. (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));


Posted by Modern Family on Monday, September 21, 2015

at 12:30p ET 
  
Bengals WR A.J. Green , who caught 10 passes for 227 yards and two touchdowns this past Sunday at Baltimore, today was named AFC Offensive Player of the Week by the NFL. 
 
Green's 227 yards constitute not only the most receiving yards in a game by any NFL player this season, but also the most yards from scrimmage. The 227 was his career high and the second-most receiving yards in Bengals history, behind Chad Johnson's 260 vs. San Diego in 2006. Green now holds the Nos. 2-3 game receiving yards totals in Bengals history. His previous high, 224 yards last season vs. Pittsburgh, stands third. 
 
Green's touchdowns last week were both in the fourth quarter. The first, an 80-yarder on which he ran the last 50 yards and eluded two tacklers, erased a 17-14 Bengals deficit. The second, a seven-yarder, erased another deficit and provided the game-winning points in 28-24 decision. 
 
Though he has been a Pro Bowl selection in each of his four full NFL seasons, Green had not previously won an Offensive Player of the Week award. He did win AFC Offensive Player of the Month award for September 2012. 
 
The last Bengal to win an AFC Player of the Week award was CB Dre Kirkpatrick , for a two-INT performance in Cincinnati's playoff-clinching win vs. Denver in Week 16 of last season. The last Bengal to win an AFC Offensive Player of the Week award was HB Jeremy Hill , who had 169 scrimmage yards and two rushing TDs in Week 15 of last season at Cleveland. 
 
( Cincinnati Bengals press release)

The Arbor Day Foundation will brighten up your fall by offering 10 free autumn classics trees when you join the organization in October. The free trees are part of the nonprofit Arbor Day Foundation's Trees for America campaign, a program dedicated to environmental stewardship through the planting of trees. Everyone who joins the Arbor Day Foundation in October will receive 10 free autumn classics or other trees selected for your area: two sugar maples, two red maples, and one each of scarlet oak, sweetgum, northern red oak, silver maple, white flowering dogwood, and Washington hawthorn. "Members will especially enjoy these trees during the autumn months because they'll add abundant, vibrant color to any yard or landscape for years to come," said Matt Harris, chief executive of the Arbor Day Foundation. The trees will be shipped postpaid at the right time for planting, between Nov. 1 and Dec. 10. The 6- to 12-inch trees are guaranteed to grow or they will be replaced free of charge. Planting instructions will be enclosed with each shipment of trees. To receive 10 free autumn classics, send a $10 membership contribution to Autumn Classics Trees, Arbor Day Foundation, 100 Arbor Ave., Nebraska City, NE 68410, by Oct. 31, 2015, or join online at arborday.org/october .

BY MERIANNE GRACE EREÑETA 
 
ILOILO City – Vice Mayor Jose Espinosa III does not know how to count? 
 
He should not have included himself among the councilors eligible to vote for the proposed ordinance granting a franchise to an applicant seeking to operate a cockpit, said Councilor Lyndon Acap. 
 
Of the 12 councilors present during the Sangguniang Panlungsod’s (SP) session on Tuesday, seven voted in favor of Rockwell and Lumber that plans to operate a cockpit in Barangay Esteban, Lapuz district. 
 
According to Acap, seven was the majority vote or more than half of 12. 
 
The chairman of the committee on games, amusements and professional sports said he will seek a “reconsideration.” 
 
“I went to Ma’am Ruth (Arroyo) – the SP secretary – kon may insakto nga pamaagi (on what is the proper procedure to do so),” said Acap whose committee endorsed Rockwell and Lumber’s franchise application. 
 
On Tuesday, Espinosa said the majority count was eight. He raised the number of those eligible to vote to 13 (12 councilors plus himself as presiding officer). 
 
He arrived at eight as majority number using the formula of “half plus one” then rounding it off. 
 
Nobody voted against granting Rockwell and Lumber a franchise. The five other councilors present merely opted to abstain. They were councilors Armand Parcon, Jason Gonzales, Ed Peñaredondo, R Leone Gerochi, and Lex Tupas. 
 
The seven councilors who voted in favor of Rockwell and Lumber were Acap, Rodel Fullon Agado, Joshua Alim, Jay Treñas, Reyland Hervias, Lady Julie Grace Baronda, and Liezel Zulueta-Salazar. 
 
“Nakakuha kami seven votes, which is more than half of 12,” said Acap. 
 
Espinosa could not be reached for comment as of this writing. 
 
Councilor Alim also had the same position as Acap’s. He said right after the voting on Tuesday that the SP presiding officer can only vote if there’s a tie in the voting. There was none on Tuesday. 
 
Last week, the SP granted Iloilo Sportsmen, Inc. a franchise to operate the Iloilo Coliseum as a cockpit arena. 
 
The coliseum is located in Barangay San Isidro, Jaro district and is the frequent venue of big-time cock derbies in Iloilo City, notably the Candelaria derby every district fiesta of Jaro. 
 
Acap believes that more cockpits can deliver huge financial revenues to Iloilo City. Two months ago he introduced a measure allowing the operation of cockpits in the city’s six districts – excluding the City Proper – but it failed to gather support from fellow councilors./ PN

President Barack Obama weighed in on House Speaker John Boehner's (R-Ohio) resignation Friday, praising him as a "good man" and urging his successor to avoid a government shutdown. Obama, noting that the resignation took him by surprise, said he spoke to Boehner on the phone after hearing the news. "John Boehner is a good man," Obama said. "He is a patriot, he cares deeply about the House, an institution in which he has served for a long time, he cares about his constituents and he…  
President Barack Obama weighed in on House Speaker John Boehner's (R-Ohio) resignation Friday, praising him as a "good man" and urging his successor to avoid a government shutdown. 

Obama, noting that the resignation took him by surprise, said he spoke to Boehner on the phone after hearing the news. 

"John Boehner is a good man," Obama said. "He is a patriot, he cares deeply about the House, an institution in which he has served for a long time, he cares about his constituents and he cares about America." 

Obama continued: "We obviously have had a lot of disagreements, and politically we're at different ends of the spectrum, but I will tell you he has always conducted himself with courtesy and civility with me. He has kept his word when he has made a commmitment. He is somebody who has been gracious, and I think maybe most importantly is somebody who understands that in governance, you don't get 100 percent of what you want, but you have to work with people who you disagree with, sometime strongly, in order to do the people's business." 

Obama said he would not "prejudge" the next House speaker and what his relationship might be like with him or her, but warned Boehner's future replacement against shutting down the government. 

"My hope is there's a recognition on the part of the next speaker, something I think John understood though at times it was challenging to bring his caucus along, that we can have significant differences on issues but that doesn't mean you shut down the government, that doesn't mean you risk the full faith and…

Idaho Chooses Life 
 
We have had some interesting conversations over the past several weeks, as the Great Planned Parenthood Scandal has continued to unfold. 
 
Some have wondered, even asserted: “Well, it is terrible – but isn’t it better that some lives can be saved as a result of these organ donations? After all, the baby has already been killed”. Or variations on that line of reasoning. 
 
Indeed, there is an allure to thinking that medical research will find a way to turn the tragic destruction of innocent lives into some social good. 
 
But such a superficial view of the horror is a seduction into a deep darkness. 
 
We have faced such arguments before, when the national debate was focused on harvesting stem cells from aborted human babies. Now we are talking about the harvesting of whole brains, hearts, livers, neural tissue from babies unable to defend or even speak for themselves. 
 
Let’s start by pointing out that there is a profound difference between an adult deciding to become an organ donor and the organ trafficking-for-profit scheme Planned Parenthood and others are involved with. That profound difference, of course, is that the babies involved cannot give their consent. Planned Parenthood and their co-conspirators will hide behind the argument that the mother has given her consent to the “donation” of organs and tissue. 
 
First, we honestly have no idea whether Planned Parenthood is systematically obtaining consent from women undergoing abortion. And we certainly have no way of knowing whether that consent is truly informed. Their entire operation is shrouded in darkness and shame. 
 
But we would argue that the woman’s consent is irrelevant to this moral crisis. 
 
Various statements of ethics (e.g., The Belmont Report) allow for parents to provide consent in situations where medical research and/or treatment is contemplated for children unable to understand the risks and potential benefits of the medical research. But those protocols assume that the parent is acting in the best interest of the child – naturally inclined to shield him from harm. 
 
Obviously, a woman who has paid people to kill her own baby has forfeited any claim to concern over the baby’s welfare. 
 
No, this whole macabre business of chopping up babies for profit is a societal challenge and is clearly unacceptable, regardless of any possible future social benefit. 
 
Fundamentally, the whole sordid scheme of organ trafficking hinges upon treating these human babies as a commodity, as a means to some other end. At the heart of western civilization is the belief that all human beings are never to be treated as means – but as ends in themselves. The sanctity of the human person cannot be compromised for the benefit of another, no matter how lofty the supposed goal. 
 
This is the core principle which has given rise to democratic government, to the whole notion of human rights. It is what separates us from the barbaric past and from those modern movements of despotism which justify any abuse of the individual to enhance the power of the state. 
 
The revelations regarding Planned Parenthood’s treatment of babies poses a direct and potent challenge to a core value of our civilization. It is a threat not to those babies, but to us, the living. We cannot yield to the temptation of profiting from the barbaric mistreatment of these vulnerable human beings without sorely damaging our own souls. 
 
It is imperative that we take a stand, and demand that our national leaders find the courage to confront this evil. 
 
v

At PA Life, we strive to deliver the best content that will be the most useful to PAs in their daily working lives, as well as a few treats for themselves. So we'd like to get some feedback from our readers in order to continue bringing you what you want to see. 
  

Our 2015 reader survey gives you the chance to let us know what content you want to read more of and what you want to read less of, as well as suggesting other topics you would find the most useful. We have some big plans for the future of the PA Life brand, so it's important to us to listen to what our readers want and need from our magazine and website. 

To take part in the survey, simply visit surveymonkey.com/r/9V5QZ7R . It's very short and your answers will be fully considered as we continue to grow and develop as a brand. 

Thank you for your continued support.

Modern electronic health records (EHRs) have become the norm in U.S. health care — nearly 80 percent of office-based physicians use them, up from 40 percent in 2009, according to  federal data . But while adoption is up, satisfaction has plummeted. In 2010, about 61 percent of physicians liked their EHRs (were satisfied or very satisfied, according to periodic AMA surveys ). This dropped to 48 percent in 2012, and in 2014 satisfaction rates were only 34%. Physicians have come to loathe their EHR systems. 
 
How do we understand this? What can we do about it? Why, though more ubiquitous, are EHRs so frustrating to rank-and-file physicians? Is it that vendors simply don’t “get it,” or don’t employ physicians to help with product development? Or is it something more fundamental? 
 
Continue reading ...  
 Your patients are rating you online: How to respond . Manage your online reputation: A social media guide. Find out how .

_ PALO ALTO, Calif. 

Varian's new Developer Cloud houses digital tools like information about TrueBeam® Developer Mode, and cloud-based applications for managing Developer Mode and simulating treatments. It is part of the company's overall objective to empower research-oriented clinical teams to accelerate the development of new treatment techniques and processes designed to improve outcomes for cancer patients. 

"When Varian introduced the TrueBeam platform in 2010, we included Developer Mode, an optional non-clinical development tool for researchers to use in pioneering and prototyping new treatment techniques," said Corey Zankowski 

In a separate development, the OncoPeer online forum, first launched last March in select geographic areas, is now accessible to Varian customers worldwide. Since March, users have established discussion groups on topics like oncology analytics, knowledge-based treatment planning, treatment planning using Eclipse™ software, and the physics of radiotherapy. One discussion group focuses on how to use Varian's ARIA® information system to manage a medical oncology department. Other groups share information about Varian treatment delivery platforms. 

"OncoPeer is a place for customers to find others who use Varian technology and learn from one another," said Sukhveer Singh 

Varian held an online seminar about Navigating OncoPeer last May. Interested clinicians can view a replay of the webcast at this registration website. Customers can access OncoPeer at www.oncopeer.com (registration required).

About Varian Medical SystemsVarian Medical Systems, Inc., of Palo Alto, California 

Forward-Looking Statements

Except for historical information, this news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements concerning industry outlook, including growth drivers; the ability of the company's technology and products to treat cancer or improve outcomes; and any statements using the terms "intended to," "potential," "can," "would," or similar statements are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include the effect of global economic conditions; demand for the company's products; the company's ability to develop, commercialize, and deploy new products; the company's ability to meet legal and regulatory requirements; changes in the legal or regulatory environment; and the other risks listed from time to time in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which by this reference are incorporated herein. The company assumes no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements in this release because of new information, future events, or otherwise. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/varian-puts-research-tools-in-the-cloud-to-speed-development-of-next-generation-cancer-treatment-technologies-300135723.html

SOURCE Varian Medical Systems

Some Bisto gravy products are being recalled 
     Comments (0)   
BISTO manufacturer Premier Food is recalling some of its gravy granules amid concerns some packs may contain pieces of metal. 

The potential hazard, which is being attributed to a production fault, affects some batches of Bisto for Chicken gravy granules. 

Packs believed to pose a risk are 170g, 'best before' January 2017 and carry the batch code: L5208. 

The fault also affects Bisto For Chicken reduced salt gravy granules. 
 
Customers are advised not to consume these products and return them to the store from which they were purchased for a full refund. 

No other Premier Foods products are known to be affected.

National testing is to be introduced in Scotland's primary schools in a bid to improve educational achievement, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has announced.

The SNP leader said that ensuring youngsters do better in classes is "arguably the single most important objective" in her legislative programme for the coming year.

She announced to MSPs at Holyrood that new national, standardised assessments would be brought in for pupils in primaries one, four and seven, as well as for youngsters in the third year of secondary school.

Ms Sturgeon said: "I have no desire to see crude league tables that distort rather than enhance our understanding of children's attainment and school performance.

"However, I am determined that we make available much more information about performance in primary and lower secondary school."

As well as announcing eight Bills are to be brought forward in the coming year, the SNP leader set out how she plans to use new tax and welfare powers that are being handed to Scotland in the wake of the independence referendum. 

But she said the " limited welfare powers" in Westminster's Scotland Bill "fall far short of what we would need to fully mitigate the harm caused by UK Government policies". 

If the SNP are still in power after next May's Holyrood elections, Ms Sturgeon said a Social Security Bill would be introduced in the first year of the new parliament to pave the way for a new Scottish social security system. 

This will "make provision for the earliest possible abolition of the bedroom tax", the First Minister said. 

Meanwhile, the Scottish Government will invest £100 million this year in a bid to lessen the impact of the UK Government's welfare reforms, with the SNP leader pledging: "We will continue to stand against a UK Government that imposes austerity on the vulnerable while preparing to spend billions renewing Trident." 

It is hoped that the Scotland Bill, which also gives MSPs new tax powers, will be backed by the Scottish Parliament by March next year, Ms Sturgeon said. 

While the First Minister argued the package of devolution reforms was " not as ambitious as we would like", she added it would provide "some additional powers to benefit individuals, businesses and local communities". 

She warned Westminster that MSPs would only back the Scotland Bill if the accompanying deal on Scotland's funding is "fair". 

Ms Sturgeon said: " We hope that Parliament will be able to consent to the Bill by March 2016. But let me make clear that we will only recommend consent if the accompanying fiscal framework is also fair to Scotland." 

The SNP leader set out her programme for government just less than a year after Scots rejected independence in the referendum, opting instead to remain part of the UK. 

She spoke about how she wanted to " harness the passion and energy shown in the referendum, and use it to tackle the social and economic issues of our times". 

Ms Sturgeon said: "The referendum debate also revealed a deep yearning for a fairer society, as well as a more prosperous economy. 

"This ambitious and reforming programme for government speaks to those aspirations. It sets out how this government will work - now and in the long term - to achieve our vision for Scotland's future.

"It demonstrates how enduring values - a belief in enterprise, a faith in the value of education, a commitment to fairness and solidarity, and a passion for democratic engagement - can be applied to make Scotland a fairer and more prosperous country."

With Holyrood also due to get new powers over taxation, Ms Sturgeon confirmed Air Passenger Duty will be cut by 50% by the end of the next parliament, if the SNP wins next year's Holyrood elections.

Ministers are consulting with business leaders and others on further tax powers, with the First Minister saying her Government would set out its intentions in the forthcoming Budget Bill.

She also said changes would be made to make Police Scotland more accountable.

The national police force has been hit by a number of controversies, with independent investigations under way in to the death in custody of Fife man Sheku Bayoh along with officers' failure to respond to reports of a fatal crash on the M9 in Stirlingshire. 

Ms Sturgeon said there would be a review of police governance at national level, along with measures to improve the accountability and scrutiny of policing at a local level. 

"For example, there will be a new requirement on the Chief Constable to attend local public scrutiny sessions," she said. 

"A local scrutiny Summit to be held this month will identify further ways to enhance local accountability. And local scrutiny committees, together with members of the public and the parliament, will also have an important role to play in updating our national policing priorities." 

Any recommendations result from the review of police call handling will be implemented, Ms Sturgeon said, adding that a statutory code of practice on stop and search will also be introduced. 

On housing Ms Sturgeon announced there would be an additional £195 million for the Help To Buy scheme, which assists those buying new build properties, over the next three years.

To help the rental sector, the Scottish Government will bring in a Private Tenancies Bill, which will include provisions for rent controls to be brought in in certain areas.

New systems of GP care will be trialled in at least 10 sites across Scotland over the next year, with the First Minister stating: " We will support GPs to work in clusters and develop new ways of working with district nurses, health visitors, community rehabilitation teams and health improvement services, and using different services such as intermediate care beds." 

She pledged £100 million of spending to improve mental health services, particularly for children and young people, and said work to integrate health and social care services should be complete by next April. 

The First Minister said new legislation would be brought in to strengthen the law on domestic abuse, with the proposed Abusive Behaviour and Sexual Harm Bill also creating a new offence to tackle the problem of people sharing private pictures of former partners in so-called "revenge porn" cases.

Bloody Stupid Johnson: you can see the spot where the nice tidy cable comes unraveled on the left.  Cable band is now finished; on the other side there are the beginning and ending edges waiting for me to graft them together so that the whole thing appears seamless.  Then I get to pick up a hundred and some stitches around the top edge of the cable band and start knitting upwards again.  Gonna leave those two tasks for the weekend when I can do it in the brightest daylight.

was published by ABC News and discovered approx. 7 hours ago on 9/7/2015 @ 5:54 PM UTC .
              It is categorised in - News category. From our stats it is clear it has reached highest rank of 4.337 so far, which is ranking 53.680 that month!
              Being shared by approx. 104 users in first 1 hours. 
              We will track this post for 14 hrs . The post will become inactive 9/8/2015 @ 5:54 PM UTC

Japanese expat turns frustration with ordering from Amazon UK into a comicJamie Koide

Moving to a different country can be fun and exciting, but it can also be tough. Most expats go through a period of culture shock where they realize that some of the stereotypes they were led to believe about a certain country may not be true, and that the way things work in their new home may not always be an improvement on the way things were done back in their old one.We’ve presented some things Japan doesn’t get right from a Westerner’s point of view in the past, but this time we’d like to show you a comic drawn by a Japanese illustrator living overseas, detailing some of the not-so-pleasant points of living in the UK and how some in particular made her quit shopping at Amazon.Mariko Umeda, a designer and illustrator, quit her job at a Japanese video game company to move to England and attend the National Film and Television School. When she’s not busy with classwork, she draws and uploads her own comics about living abroad as a Japanese expat.
STATS0: Number of people who have enrolled in a National Police Agency program that offers counseling and treatment to stalkers6: Number of Japanese citizens who visited a graveyard in suburban Pyongyang last month to pay respects to relatives who died in the area shortly after World War II390: Height, in meters, of a skyscraper planned by Mitsubishi Estate Co. near Tokyo Station. Upon completion, it will be the tallest building in Japan.YIKES!In a story that will terrify claustrophobes everywhere, a maintenance worker in Tokyo was fired for “intentionally stopping elevators and trapping people inside.”Authorities ordered several beaches near Tokyo closed after spotting a group of 30 sharks swimming in coastal waters, including 10 hammerheads.Japanese researchers have found that men exposed to secondhand smoke may be three times more likely to suffer from gum disease than men who breathe in smoke-free environments.For the first time in 11 years, officials at Ueno Zoo will try to impregnate a giant panda by artificial insemination.
Should You Eat It
Or Admire It


Ice Cream 
For A Week And Only A Week



Only The Rich 
Are Welcome There

Ore no Yome - the cafe where maids pretend to be your spouse
By Fran Wrigley

You arrive home after a long day at the office to your beautiful wife, smiling as she greets you at the door. Inside, a delicious home-cooked meal is ready on the table…oh, and she’s wearing a bikini.There’s a new cafe in Tokyo where you can have all this and more, because the staff there are ready and waiting to be your bikini-and-apron-clad new wife (or husband).At Ore no Yome (literally “My Wife”) in Tokyo’s Higashi Ikebukuro neighborhood, they’ll always know your name. As long as you call and tell them beforehand, that is. It’s a concept cafe staffed by “wives” and “darling husbands” in swimsuits and aprons, whose mission is simple: to make you want to come “home” to them every night.“As soon as you know what time you’ll be home, let me know dear!” runs the ad. “I’ll get your dinner ready.”

This past winter I discovered the joy of having an instant oatmeal stash at school. Whether for a last minute breakfast or a mid-afternoon snack, instant oatmeal packets offer a filling, warming morsel that keeps me away from the vending machines and overpriced snacks at the student bookstore. 
 
That’s why I think a bundle of homemade instant oatmeal, sweetly packaged with a personalized touch, would make a great back-to-school gift for students of any age, especially this time of year, when the mornings are beginning to feel quite brisk. I imagine new college students will particularly appreciate a bit of love from home in the form of an easy, hot breakfast. 
 

Making instant oatmeal packets at home offers the ability to make them just how you want them. I’ve been able to add interesting spices and delicious dried berries and use less sugar than a commercial packet. The fruits and spices I paired together are cinnamon & raisin (classic), maca & goji berry (so hot right now) and blueberry & nutmeg. Yum! 
 
A project like this is a great opportunity to showcase a clever way to use personalized labels from Evermine.com. Because I created a single product with different flavors, I used the same large label on each packet–a branding label of sorts, with my name front and center. To signify the flavor of each packet, I used a smaller label in the same style, with each flavor getting its own color. The result is a very clear and very sweet package. To boot, if I have extra of the large branding label, I can use them with a different project, since the wording remains very general. 
 
 Homemade Instant Oatmeal        Print       Ingredients   ⅓ cup instant oats  2 tablespoons dried berries  pinch of salt  ¼ teaspoon of spice  1 teaspoons coconut sugar (optional)      Instructions    Combine all ingredients in a 4” x 4” sealable plastic bag.   Label sweetly and lovingly. Include the following instructions. “For a quick, hearty breakfast, combine this oat mix with ¾ cup hot water or milk in your favorite mug or bowl. Cover it and allow it to set for 2-3 minutes. Enjoy!”      3.3.3077  
  Used In This Project:   Circle Labels • I chose the “Joy of Scrolls” style in warm grey.  Small Rectangle Labels • I chose the “Joy of Scrolls” style in deep red, purple and coral.  Square Text Labels •   
SHOP OUR ENTIRE BACK TO SCHOOL COLLECTION >

In other words, selfies are killing more people than sharks. While it’s been documented that eight people lost their lives this year due to sharks, ScienceAlert is reporting that more people worldwide — at least 12 — have passed away this year due to a selfie-related incident. In other words, selfies are killing more people than sharks. The latest death by selfie victim was a 66-year-old Japanese tourist who slipped down the steps at Taj Mahal’s Royal Gate in India. Other selfie fatalities include the picture taker falling off a cliff, crashing their car, being run over by a train, or accidentally shooting themselves.

So what exactly is going on here? “Part of what happens when a person gets focused and self-absorbed in something — whether it’s their personal problems, a crisis at work or even taking a selfie — they become so immersed to the point where they get distracted and ignore almost everything else that’s around them,” says Stacy Kaiser, licensed psychotherapist. “And in the case of selfies, people are dying because they’re not seeing that cliff or noticing the car that is about to hit them.”

In some situations, Kaiser believes that taking selfies, in its simplest form, can be viewed as fun and trendy. “But on a deeper level, there’s a narcissistic element,” she states. “It’s a way of saying, ‘Look at me! Look how great I look! Look where I am! Everyone needs to see it and know about it!’ It’s attention seeking behavior. There has actually been re about the more narcissistic you are, the more selfies you take.”

As for the selfie craze, Kaiser doesn’t see it fading any time in the near future. “It’s spreading and becoming even more part of what is considered socially acceptable.” Just be careful out there.

(SD-Agencies) Editor: Sylvia Xu

Horizon Macaroni & Cheese Just $1.00 At Walmart After Coupon!  
Head over to your nearest Walmart to sang this great deal! You can get Horizon Macaroni & Cheese for only $1.00 ! 
 
Buy (2) Horizon Macaroni & Cheese $1.38 
Use (1) $0.75/2... 


This is just a summary, to get the full details just click the link below:   »  
             

About 150 families in a in this city are showing their support for local law enforcement with a painted “thin blue line” — placed on the street curb in front of their homes.

Justin Weis, a former Marine Corps police officer, is making it his mission to paint the symbol all over the city.

“I want to let officers know that, while they’re in my neck of the woods, I’ve got their backs. Should they be injured in a fire fight or if someone tries to attack them, they’ve got a safe haven in my home,” Weis told News Center 7’s Lauren Clark on Thursday.

He took to Facebook a week ago, offering to paint the symbol for anyone who expresses an interest in displaying it. The requests, he says, just keep coming.

“I’ve received them from Troy, Tipp City, Vandalia — all the way down to Springboro and Moraine as well,” Weis said. “Of course, I’m really busy here in Huber Heights at the moment but I could see moving this on to other cities and municipalities.

Weis is not asking for money.

But some people, like Ann Dew, are making donations just to keep the project going.

“We’re a house or a family unit that will support our law enforcement — it’s basically just that,” Dew said. “With everything else going on, you know, we just need to start showing our support.”

Leftover donations will be given to the Huber Heights Police Department to use as it wishes.

BOTHELL, Wash., Sept. 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Leviton Network Solutions announced today that its OM4+ Violet Fiber Cabling System, installed in eBay data centers, was recognized among the best in the industry by the judges of the Cabling Installation & Maintenance 2015 Innovators Awards program. The judging panel consisted of cabling and communications system specifiers, designers, integrators and managers with vast professional experience. Leviton Network Solutions and eBay was recognized as a Gold honoree. 

"On behalf of the Cabling Installation & Maintenance Innovator Awards, I would like to congratulate Leviton Network Solutions and eBay on their Gold–level honoree status," said Cabling Installation & Maintenance Group Publisher Alan Bergstein. "This competitive, unbiased program celebrates the most innovative projects in the structured cabling industry. We are pleased to celebrate Leviton Network Solutions and eBay's Gold status and recognize their contribution to the structured cabling industry."

Sponsored by: As part of its data center technology roadmap, eBay planned to upgrade to 40GbE to its servers. In order to meet the requirements of the new design, it needed a cabling solution that would support extremely long multimode fiber runs — up to 500 meters in length — and allow migration to future bandwidth speeds of 100GbE and 400GbE. 

The company tested the Leviton OM4+ Premium Violet Data Center fiber system with extended reach 40GBASE-XSR4 transceivers. While these transceivers have a manufacturer's stated maximum distance of 400 meters, the channel tested successfully beyond that length, with zero errors or dropped packets when transmitting over 500 meters. The testing subsequently led eBay to install the OM4+ system in four of its data centers. The system uses all OM4+ cabling and connectivity, including Leviton Opt-X Unity trunks, harnesses, array cords, and cassettes. 

To learn more about Leviton OM4+ violet fiber cabling, visit leviton.com/om4plus.

About Cabling Installation & Maintenance 

Published since 1993, Cabling Installation & Maintenance has provided practical information to professionals responsible for the specification, design, installation and management of structured cabling systems in enterprises, data centers and campuses. Cabling Installation & Maintenance's magazine, website (www.CablingInstall.com), email newsletters and webcasts help cabling professionals improve day-to-day operations and enable strategic planning for their networks' optimum long-term performance

About the Cabling Installation & Maintenance 2015 Innovators Awards program

The Cabling Installation & Maintenance 2015 Innovators Awards program reviews and recognizes the most-innovative applications of cabling and communications technology products and systems within the structured cabling industry. Platinum, Gold and Silver Honorees were announced at BICSI's 2015 Fall Conference in Las Vegas on Monday, September 21, 2015. Criteria used in the Innovators Awards ranking included: innovation, value, sustainability, collaboration, and impact.

About Leviton Network SolutionsLeviton Network Solutions delivers complete network infrastructure systems for enterprise, data center, government, education, health care and residential markets around the globe. Solutions include copper and fiber optic connectivity, power distribution units, and much more. All Leviton products are engineered to exacting standards, offer industry-leading performance and are backed by the industry's best service and support. Builders, contractors and other industry professionals consistently rank Leviton products as the most preferred brand in the industry. Make the smart choice for a better network. Learn more at leviton.com/ns or twitter.com/LevitonNS. About LevitonLeviton is the smart choice, providing the most comprehensive range of solutions to meet the needs of today's residential, commercial and industrial buildings. Leveraging more than a century of experience, Leviton helps customers create sustainable, intelligent environments through its electrical wiring devices, network and data center connectivity solutions, and lighting energy management systems. From switches and receptacles, to daylight harvesting controls, networking systems, and equipment for charging electric vehicles, Leviton solutions help customers achieve savings in energy, time and cost, all while enhancing safety. For more information, visit www.leviton.com, http://www.facebook.com/leviton, twitter.com/leviton or http://www.youtube.com/Levitonmfg.

Logo- photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150922/269539LOGO

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leviton-network-solutions-and-ebay-honored-by-cabling-installation--maintenance-2015-innovators-awards-program-300147591.html

SOURCE Leviton

Thoubal, Sep 1: Volunteers of Dynamic Manipur/Helping Hands Manipur donated a water filter to the flood affected people at Kakching relief camp. 
 
The volunteers have also launched efforts to restore community ponds in Kakching and Thoubal Tentha areas from the monetary aid provided by San Francisco Bay Area Manipuri Community, Manipuri Association of Canada (MAC), Korea Manipuri Association (KMA), North American Manipur Association (NAMA). 
 
Boxer Sarita Laishram has also donated a sum of Rs 5000 for the flood affected people of the State through Dynamic Manipur/Helping Hands Manipur. 
 2-Sep-2015 / Our Correspondent

David Cameron should push for "effective action" against Islamic State and the creation of civilian safe zones in Syria under a United Nations resolution that would leave the door open to military intervention, Hilary Benn has said. 
 
		 
The shadow foreign secretary did not set out how the safe zones would be policed but insisted he did not want to see British "boots on the ground". 
  Hilary Benn said David Cameron should push for "effective action" against Islamic State   
He called on the Prime Minister to "strain every sinew" at a UN summit in New York to seek an agreement from world leaders that would also refer suspected war criminals to the International Criminal Court and create a post-war plan for Syria together with Gulf and neighbouring states. 

			 
Mr Benn failed to set out whether Labour would back air strikes against IS, also known as Isil or Daesh, in Syria with Mr Cameron expected to call a Commons vote on intervention next month - action to which leader Jeremy Corbyn remains opposed. 



 
And the shadow foreign secretary put himself at odds with Mr Corbyn by praising former prime minister Tony Blair's decision to join Nato military action in Kosovo in 1999 - an intervention which the Labour leader has criticised in the past. 

Mr Benn told the party conference in Brighton: "Given the scale of the crisis in Syria he (Mr Cameron) should be staying on in New York and straining every sinew to secure a comprehensive United Nations Security Council resolution under chapter seven of the UN charter calling for effective action to end threat from Isil/Daesh, the creation of safe zones in Syria to shelter those who have had to flee their homes, the referral of suspected war crimes to the International Criminal Court that a Labour government played such a big part in establishing. 

"Increased humanitarian aid to those who have fled to neighbouring states, an international agreement for countries to welcome their share of Syrian refugees and a major international effort bringing together Russia, Iran, the neighbouring countries, the Gulf states, the United States of America and Europe to agree a post-civil war plan for Syria. 

"It is no longer good enough for the world to say this is too difficult, it is now time for the world to say this has got to stop." 

			 
Mr Benn highlighted Labour's internationalist history and praised former PM Mr Blair's decisions to intervene in Kosovo and Sierra Leone in the Nineties. 

He said: "In our party, in our movement, we understand that our responsibilities extend beyond Britain's shores. 

"From the struggle against Franco's fascism in the 1930s to the defeat of Nazi Germany. 

"From the fight against apartheid in South Africa to the protection of the people of Kosovo and Sierra Leone, we have always been proud internationalists, proud to stand in solidarity with those in trouble and determined not to walk by on the other side of the road." 

			 

         Copyright (c) Press Association Ltd. 2015, All Rights Reserved.

HOLGUIN, Cuba — The latest developments in Pope Francis' visit to Cuba and the United States. All times local: 
 
10:10 a.m. 
 
Pope Francis is calling on Cubans to heed Jesus Christ's invitation to overcome resistance to change. 
 
Speaking in his homily at a large outdoor Mass in Holguin's Revolution Plaza, the pontiff says Christ challenges us daily to believe in the possibility of personal transformation. 
 
Francis says "He invites us slowly to overcome our preconceptions and our reluctance to think that others, much less ourselves, can change." 
 
It's the pope's third day on the island. He has called on Cubans to serve people rather than ideologies and not close themselves off to others who think differently. 
 
___ 
 
10:30 a.m. 
 
Holguin's Plaza of the Revolution is packed with thousands of people waving flags as Francis travels in his popemobile through the crowd. 
 
It's heating up quickly at 84 degrees Fahrenheit and high humidity, and lots of people are dressed in white to protect themselves from the sun. Cuban President Raul Castro is one of many wearing wide-brimmed straw hats. 
 
Security agents don't appear to be letting members of the crowd get close to Francis. On Sunday in Havana, an apparent dissident clung to the popemobile and appeared to be appealing to the pontiff before the man was dragged away. 
 
Ismabel Rodriguez is a 20-year-old engineering student who says the pope is urging islanders to embrace values like charity, community and family. 
 
Rodriguez says "Cubans are very nice people, but we've lost a lot of our values. There's lying, robbery and there's isn't enough priority given to the family." 
 
___ 
 
9:35 a.m. 
 
Singing children and a small crowd waving Cuban and Vatican flags are greeting Francis upon his arrival at the airport in the eastern city of Holguin. 
 
Some cried out "Francis! Holguin is with you!" from the tarmac as the pope emerged from an Alitalia plane. 
 
Cuban First Vice President Miguel Diaz-Canel is heading the government delegation to receive the pontiff. 
 
From the airport Francis travels to the city's Revolution Plaza for a morning Mass in front of thousands of people with hats and parasols shielding themselves from the sun. 
 
A giant image of the Virgin of Charity of Cobre, Cuba's patron, is mounted on a building in the square. 
 
___ 
 
9:15 
 
Pope Francis has landed in the eastern city of Holguin, the second stop on a tour of the island ahead of a visit to the United States. 
 
The pope is scheduled to celebrate Mass in the city's Revolution and visit La Loma de la Cruz, a cross and lookout point above Cuba's fourth-largest city. Then he'll head to Santiago for a visit to the shrine of Cuba's patron saint in the nearly town of Cobre. 
 
___ 
 
8:05 a.m. 
 
A plane carrying Pope Francis has left Havana for the eastern city of Holguin, the fourth-largest on the island, where thousands of people have already gathered in the city's plaza for today's papal Mass. 
 
Fifty-eight-year-old Idael Confesor Martinez Leyva wore a straw hat topped with Cuban and Vatican flags as she entered the plaza. She said the pope "is going to transform the world and bring us what we need most, especially the young people." 
 
In the evening, he heads to Cuba's second city, Santiago.

Big Brother 17 was a record-breaking year for the show, with more houseguests than ever before (17) competing on the longest season (98 days). There were plenty of highs and lows from the first night to the Final 3, and here?s a look back at my 30 favorite moments of the season.

The German automakers really know how to make Coupes such as the A5/S5 from Audi (updating soon), the 4- and 6-Series models from BMW, and from Mercedes Benz, the S-class Coupe and this latest C-Class Coupe. Mercedes is on a style roll with these coupes that look sleek, aerodynamic, and muscular/aggressive all at the same time. While the press release is a global one, you can guess the engines and equipment that will come to the US. Expect the turbo fours and the eight-speed auto at the very least. It would be nice to get the more-powerful diesel in the C-Class Coupe as well, but... The new C Coupe gets all of Mercedes' latest like the AMG equipment, Agility Control. Airmatic suspension, DISTRONIC PLUS (with Steering Assist and Stop&Go Pilot), AS PLUS Brake Assist System, Active Lane Keeping Assist, PRE‑SAFE® occupant protection, and much more as standard equipment or available in packages. The new body is stiffer and lighter which should aid performance and fuel economy. In other words, like most Mercedes models here in the US, you can spend lots of money or go crazy with the options and spend even more money. But look what you get...a new Coupe that is certainly worth lusting after. Mercedes will begin the roll out of the new C-Class Coupes in December. For more info, check out the global press release and three videos after the jump. More to come...
Source: Mercedes Benz - Press release, pics, and videos after the "read more" jump.
Press Release:
The new C-Class Coupé: Seduction of the heart and mind
Mercedes-Benz is adding a Coupé to its C-Class family. Athletic and sporty, the vivid, sensual design of the new Coupé cuts a fine figure on the road and embodies modern luxury. At the same time, its interior raises elegance and style to a sporty level. A dynamically configured chassis, with optional air suspension, forms the basis for a high level of suspension comfort, low road roar and tyre vibration, agile handling, and driving pleasure. Lightweight construction to reduce weight, excellent aerodynamics and high-performance yet efficient engines likewise contribute to this. New assistance systems provide safety of the very highest calibre. With its high-class appeal and generous interior, the new C-Class Coupé sets new standards in its segment. It arrives in December 2015.
"Our new C-Class Coupé continues the philosophy of our exciting coupés. It combines thrilling design with agile sportiness and modern luxury. The C-Class Coupé therefore clearly pledges itself to stylish driving enjoyment," states Prof. Dr. Thomas Weber, member of the Board of Management of Daimler AG and responsible for Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars Development. As the sportiest variant of the C-Class, the Coupé displays its driving enjoyment-oriented character in an emotive and at the same time formally distinct design. A sportily striking front section featuring diamond radiator grille and long bonnet – the new Coupé is 60 millimetres longer than its predecessor between the firewall and front axle alone – gives way to a low greenhouse whose lines flow into a bold and powerful-looking rear end incorporating the Mercedes coupé genes. A high beltline and frameless doors with free-standing exterior mirrors underscore the sporty character. Clean lines and sensually arranged surfaces structure the side sections into vivid light and shadow effects. One particular highlight is the long drawn-out dropping line typical of a coupé. In contrast to the C-Class Saloon, the dropping line extends further past the rear wheel arch. To underscore the Coupé's sporty disposition, the suspension is 15 millimetres lower than that of the Saloon, making it a very sporty proposition when combined with the standard 17-inch tyres. Interior: generous, dynamic, exquisite
The interior is likewise a statement of the Mercedes-Benz design philosophy and combines emotion with intelligence. Although it exudes athletic and youthful charm, it has grown in maturity. Driver and passengers enjoy an ambience that leans toward the interior of the C-Class Saloon yet raises it to a new, sporty level. Flowing forms characterise the centre console as well as the door and rear side panelling, which smoothly merge into one another to emphasise the coupé character. The individually designed trim elements underscore the sporty character of the interior. A seating system including integral sports seats designed specifically for the Coupé offers sporty comfort. Plus there is an automatic belt feeder for added convenience. The choice of materials and the finish have a hand-crafted feel with high-class appeal and deliver a new take on modern luxury: sportiness without compromising on comfort and exquisite style. With an 80 millimetre longer wheelbase, the C-Class Coupé is 95 millimetres longer and 40 millimetres wider. The increased vehicle volume above all creates more spaciousness for the driver and front passenger. There is more shoulder room, elbow room and headroom in all seats. The unique position of the new C-Class Coupé is emphasised by the special upholstery colour combinations: saddle brown, porcelain and – in the Edition 1 – nut brown/black with turquoise topstitching. Individual highlights
The Coupé features a wealth of equipment as standard. The AMG Line is available as an alternative to further underline the dynamism of the Coupé. It differs by virtue of exterior features such as special bumpers and sills featuring AMG bodystyling, a diamond radiator grille with pins in chrome and 18-inch AMG light-alloy wheels. Interior highlights of the AMG Line include sportily exclusive touches such as upholstery in ARTICO man-made leather/DINAMICA microfibre in black with contrasting topstitching, a multifunction sports steering wheel with flattened bottom section and AMG sports pedals. The trim in open-pore black ash, combined with aluminium in the dashboard and the doors, emphasises the look. Another eye-catching feature is the optional Interior Chrome package featuring numerous highlights shrouded in silver chrome, including the instrument cluster, the air vents and the door openers. Suspension – sportily agile and comfortable
The suspension offers a high level of comfort with low road roar and tyre vibration whilst ensuring agile driving dynamics – the basis for driving enjoyment. A new 4-link front axle with wheel suspension decoupled from the spring strut plays a part in the agile handling characteristics. This enables sporty axle kinematics for plenty of grip and high lateral stability. As a result, the suspension responds more sensitively to steering movements and allows a sporty, agile driving style. Multi-link independent rear suspension with 5 links ensures excellent wheel location qualities and supreme straight-line stability. The Coupé comes with steel suspension as standard. There are two variants with selective damping system available in conjunction with this suspension, each of which is 15 millimetres lower than on the Saloon:
Comfortable AGILITY CONTROL suspension with a sporty character Sports suspension with tauter springing and damping including Sports Direct-Steer system for even more agile handling Air suspension
The Coupé comes with the option of AIRMATIC air suspension on the front and rear axle. Its electronically controlled, continuously adjustable damping on the front and rear axle ensures outstanding road roar and tyre vibration characteristics in every situation and gives the driver the option of selecting the desired driving style: sporty, comfortable or consumption-optimised. To this end, the driver can select one of five driving modes using the DYNAMIC SELECT Switch: "ECO", "Comfort", "Sport", "Sport +" and "Individual". Selecting "Individual" allows the driver to customise the vehicle settings. AIRMATIC also features all-round self-levelling for excellent ride comfort even with the vehicle loaded. Efficient and lively engines
Powerful and efficient four-cylinder petrol and diesel engines with ECO start/stop function provide for sporty performance and driving pleasure. All are compliant with the Euro 6 emissions standard. Compared with the predecessor they consume up to 20 percent less fuel. There are initially four petrol engines available for the Coupé. The power spectrum ranges from the 1.6-litre four-cylinder engine in the C 180 with 115 kW/156 hp to the two-litre C 200 (135 kW/184 hp) and C 250 (155 kW/211 hp) models and the C 300, likewise with a displacement of two litres but with an output of 180 kW/245 hp. The two diesel models are equipped with an enhanced four-cylinder unit developing 125 kW (170 hp) or 150 kW (204 hp) and feature ecofriendly SCR technology (Selective Catalytic Reduction) for exhaust gas aftertreatment. Lighter, stiffer and stronger
Intelligent lightweight construction with a higher proportion of aluminium helps make the Coupé lighter than its predecessor. Light-alloy components include the wings, bonnet and boot lid. At the same time, the body is now much stiffer and stronger thanks to the use of high-strength materials, which has a positive effect on not only driving dynamics and noise levels but also crash safety. The Coupé therefore follows a Mercedes-Benz tradition in not only meeting all current national and international laws, but also all rating requirements as well as the more stringent internal Mercedes-Benz safety requirements, which are based on what actually happens in real-life accidents. Through the wind
Mercedes-Benz is setting the pace in the field of aerodynamics and delivers cars with the best drag coefficients (Cd values) in almost all vehicle classes. The new C‑Class Coupé boasts a Cd value of 0.26. This leading figure pays off above all when driving on country roads and motorways as wind resistance is greater than other forms of driving resistance at speeds above 70 km/h. Safe semi-autonomous driving to reduce stress
There are several safety and assistance systems based on the Mercedes-Benz Intelligent Drive concept to choose from. ATTENTION ASSIST with adjustable sensitivity, which can warn the driver of inattentiveness and drowsiness, is included as standard. Further standard equipment includes COLLISION PREVENTION ASSIST PLUS, which features an acoustic warning for the driver at speeds above 7 km/h and Adaptive Brake Assist to help avoid collisions by boosting the braking effect in line with the current situation. When a danger of collision persists and the driver fails to respond, the system is able to carry out autonomous braking at speeds of up to 200 km/h, thereby reducing the severity of collisions with slower or stopping vehicles or, in the best-case scenario, even avoiding the collision altogether. At speeds of up to 50 km/h the system also brakes in response to stationary vehicles, and is thus able to help prevent rear-end collisions at up to 40 km/h. New assistance systems with substantially enhanced functions are optionally available, combining data from various sensor technologies such as radar sensors and a stereo camera as part of the Intelligent Drive concept to enhance comfort and safety:
DISTRONIC PLUS with Steering Assist and Stop&Go Pilot is an adaptive cruise control system that can adjust the speed of the vehicle in line with a slower-moving vehicle ahead in a speed range from 0 to 200 km/h if required. Likewise available from 0 to 200 km/h, steering intervention helps the driver stay in lane. And at speeds below 130 km/h, for example in traffic jams or when driving bumper to bumper, the system can follow the vehicle ahead even where there are no or unclear lane markings, thus enabling the driver to safety and comfortably follow the flow of traffic. As well as vehicles ahead and stationary vehicles, the BAS PLUS Brake Assist System can also detect crossing traffic and boost the braking force if the driver fails to apply the brakes sufficiently; in addition to slower-moving, stopping and stationary vehicles, the PRE-SAFE® Brake can even detect pedestrians and brake autonomously if the driver fails to react, thus preventing accidents up to 50 km/h and mitigating the severity of collisions at speeds of up to 72 km/h. In flowing traffic the PRE-SAFE® Brake provides assistance according to the same mode of operation throughout the speed range from 7 to 200 km/h. Enhanced Active Lane Keeping Assist can now also prevent the vehicle from unintentionally drifting out of lane by applying the brakes on one side when the lane markings are solid or broken and there is a risk of collision, e.g. as a result of vehicles overtaking at high speed, parallel traffic or even oncoming traffic. PRE-SAFE® PLUS extends the Intelligent Drive functions to take account of imminent rear impacts. It warns the following traffic by activating the rear hazard warning lights at increased frequency and initiating preventive PRE‑SAFE® occupant protection measures such as the reversible belt tensioner immediately prior to the impact. If the vehicle is stationary, the brakes are locked to reduce the forward jolt, which reduces the forces acting on the occupants and the risk of secondary collisions. The numerous assistance systems also include
Active Parking Assist, which enables semi-automated parking with active steering and brake intervention in both parallel and end-on parking spaces A 360° camera which is able to show the vehicle and its surroundings from various perspectives, including a virtual bird's-eye view, thus assisting with parking and manoeuvring Camera and navigation-based Traffic Sign Assist with wrong-way warning function, which warns of speed limits and also alerts the driver to the start and end of no-overtaking zones and gives the driver a visual and audible warning if no-entry signs are detected Adaptive Highbeam Assist Plus, which allows the high-beam headlamps to be kept on permanently without dazzling traffic by masking out other vehicles in the cone of light from the high-beam headlamps Airbags for safety
In addition to 3-point seat belts with pyrotechnical belt tensioning and belt-force limitation for driver, front passenger and rear passengers, numerous airbags serve to protect the vehicle's occupants in an accident. These include:
Frontal protection systems: Adaptive front airbags for driver and front passenger, additionally with a kneebag on the driver's side Side protection systems: Thorax/pelvisbags for driver and front passenger plus front and rear windowbags, with rear sidebags available as an option Climate control with satellite navigation
The air conditioning system in the new C-Class Coupé operates efficiently and ensures high air quality. As in the Saloon, it uses satellite navigation to detect tunnels. It therefore closes the air recirculation flap automatically when entering a tunnel and opens it again after exiting a tunnel. Vibrant infotainment experience
The new multimedia generation offers intuitive controls with visual animations and effects. Frontbass ensures a listening experience almost on a par with a concert hall – especially if the optionally available Burmester® sound system is specified. The Frontbass system uses the space within the cross-member and side member in the body structure as a resonance chamber for the bass speakers. The navigation system, which supplies the driver with precise traffic information in real time (Live Traffic Information), processes its contents interactively. Its features include an animated compass, a "Drive Show" with information for passengers similar to the on-screen presentations on board airliners and Google Maps displayed on the head unit. Extensive networking even in the basic version
A Bluetooth®-compatible mobile phone with data option is all it takes to make even the Audio 20 system internet-capable. This enables surfing the internet without restrictions when the vehicle is stationary. Mercedes-Benz Apps can be used while driving. Audio and video playback is possible from various sources. COMAND Online provides not only a larger display with a resolution of 960 x 540 pixels, it also allows digital TV/radio reception and, in addition to many other features, offers fast hard-disc navigation, integral WLAN hotspot functionality and the LINGUATRONIC voice control system. The basic Audio 20 system as well as Audio 20 CD and COMAND Online all offer basic telephony as standard, which links up a mobile phone to the vehicle via a standardised Bluetooth® interface. Mercedes connect me: connected with the car
Like other models, the new C-Class Coupé has an extensive range of free Standard Services and Remote Online Services available as part of the "Mercedes connect me" package. Standard Services include automatic emergency call (eCall), Accident Recovery, breakdown assistance and after-sales service. The Remote Online services (standard with COMAND online and usable free of charge for the first three years) allow access to vehicle information at all times, including the status of windows and doors, mileage, tyre pressures and other diagnostic data. There is also a Vehicle Tracker function, remote door locking and unlocking, and remote auxiliary heating activation and deactivation.

The 20-year conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo has killed an estimated 5.4   million people since the 1990s — making it the deadliest since World War II — and armed attacks by different groups occur every week. Séverine Autesserre (SIPA‘00), a member of  Columbia's Arnold A. Saltzman Institute of War and Peace Studies and a political science professor at Barnard College , is an authority on international intervention, conflict   resolution, and Central Africa who has researched Congo and visited the nation often   since 2001. 
  
Q What is the scope of the conflict? 
   
The international and national wars started in 1996, but there was already extensive local   violence in the eastern part of the country from 1993 on. Millions of Congolese have died   and the country has remained one of the poorest in the world. Since its outbreak, the   conflict has destabilized most of Central Africa, including Congo’s immediate neighbors   Rwanda, Burundi, and Uganda. 
   
Q Have there been any peacebuilding efforts? 
   
Congo hosts the largest United Nations peacekeeping mission in the world, which  attempts to protect the Congolese population from various armed groups and maintain, or   enforce, a ceasefire. There are numerous donors, international organizations (such as the   African Union), and non-governmental agencies working in Congo, as well as plenty of   diplomats. All of these people organize international and national peace conferences, and   they try to help the Congolese state reform and train its army, modernize its bureaucracy,   and organize free and fair elections. 
   
Q Why haven’t those efforts worked? 
   
Violence in Congo is in large part driven by local conflicts that international peace efforts   have not properly helped address. And by local, I really mean at the level of the   individual, the family, the clan, the municipality, the community, the district, and   sometimes the ethnic group. For instance, there is a lot of competition over who can be   chief of a village or a territory under traditional law, who can control the distribution of   land and the exploitation of local mining sites. This often results in localized fighting, and   can escalate across a whole province and even at times into neighboring countries. 
 
International peacebuilders view local conflicts as “simply” the result of national and   international tensions, insufficient state authority, and what they view as the Congolese   people's “inherent penchant” for violence. So they consider intervention at the national   and international levels as their only option. As a result, there is very little international   support for local conflict resolution efforts in Congo. 
   
Q Is there an effective way to resolve conflict and build lasting peace? 
   
Because many conflicts have such local stakes, national and international peace   initiatives need to be supplemented with micro-level efforts. You cannot enact national   legislation or impose international law adjudicating who can be the appropriate chief of   each local village, or who among five parties in a conflict has legitimate ownership of a   piece of land. You need to look at these disputes on a case-by-base basis and find the   specific solution for each one. 
   
Q Are there signs that give you hope for peace there? 
   
Congolese elites and ordinary citizens have been engaged in bottom-up peace efforts   since the violence started more than 20 years ago, but they often lack the resources   required to be effective. Support from international donors can be crucial, and can lead to   the implementation of successful local peacebuilding initiatives. For instance, in the   provinces of the Kivus in eastern Congo, the Life and Peace Institute and its Congolese   partners have set up inter-community forums to discuss the specifics of local land   conflicts, and these forums have found solutions to help manage the violence. 
 
In the past few years, an increasing number of donors, international agencies, and non-  governmental organizations have starting paying more attention to resolving land   conflicts and promoting inter-community reconciliation – two issues that are absolutely   key for bottom-up peace. So there is hope that this will lead to concrete action in support   of Congolese local peacebuilders. 
 
This is the focus of my new research project, which examines how international   organizations can do a better job at supporting local actors and initiatives in   peacebuilding processes, particularly in Congo.

Maya Donnelly awoke to what sounded like thunder in the early morning hours, but dismissed it as a typical monsoon storm and went back to sleep. 

Later that morning, she looked in the carport at her home in Nogales, near the U.S.-Mexico border, and saw pieces of wood on the ground. She found a bulky bundle wrapped in black plastic. 

Inside was roughly 26 pounds of marijuana — a package that authorities say was worth $10,000 and likely was dropped there accidentally by a drug smuggler's aircraft. 

"It's all right on top of our dog's house," Donnelly said of the Sept. 8 incident, which was first reported by the Nogales International newspaper. "It just made a perfectly round hole through our carport." 

Living near the border, Donnelly said she assumed the object was drugs. She immediately called her husband, Bill, who told her to call 911. 

The couple said officers who responded told them an ultralight aircraft smuggling marijuana from Mexico had probably let part of its load go early by accident before dropping the rest farther north, the newspaper reported. 

Nogales Police Chief Derek Arnson said it's the first time in his three-year tenure that he's ever seen a load of drugs hit a building. 

"Someone definitely made a mistake, and who knows what the outcome of that mistake might be for them," Arnson said. 

Police are trying to determine whether the bundle was transported by an aircraft or a pilotless drone. Such runs usually occur at night. 

Maya Donnelly said she thinks it's unlikely someone will come looking for the drugs, which are now in police custody. Arnson agreed but said police have boosted patrols in the Donnellys neighborhood for now. 
 
The family will have to pay the estimated $500 in repairs, as well as pay for a new home for their German Shepherd, Hulk. But the scenario could have been much worse for the couple and their three teenage daughters. 

"Where it landed was clear on the other side of the house from the bedrooms," Maya Donnelly said. "We were lucky in that sense." 

Friends and family also have gotten a laugh. Several joked that the couple could have profited from the surprise package. 

"That's what everybody says: 'Why did you call 911?'" Maya Donnelly said. "But how can you have a clear conscience, right? We could have made lots of home repairs with that." 

___ 

Follow Terry Tang on Twitter at https://twitter.com/ttangAP

N+1 Singer reiterated their hold rating on shares of Carclo plc (LON:CAR) in a report issued on Thursday morning, Analyst Ratings Net reports. They currently have a GBX 148 ($2.28) price objective on the stock. Separately, Peel Hunt reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 180 ($2.77) price target on shares of Carclo plc…  
N+1 Singer reiterated their hold rating on shares of Carclo plc (LON:CAR) in a report issued on Thursday morning, Analyst Ratings Net reports. They currently have a GBX 148 ($2.28) price objective on the stock. 

Separately, Peel Hunt reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 180 ($2.77) price target on shares of Carclo plc in a research note on Wednesday, June 17th. 

Shares of Carclo plc (LON:CAR) opened at 148.94 on Thursday. Carclo plc has a 1-year low of GBX 80.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 169.75. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 144.51 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 143.07. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 98.59 million. 

The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, October 2nd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, August 27th will be paid a GBX 1.90 ($0.03) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.29%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, August 27th. 

In related news, insider Michael Derbyshire bought 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 10th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 146.94 ($2.26) per share, with a total value of £14,694 ($22,647.97). 

Carclo plc is a United Kingdom-based technology led plastics company. The Company is engaged in manufacturing of fine tolerance parts for the Medical,Industrial, Aerospace and Luxury and Supercar Lighting markets. The Company’s operating segments include Carclo Technical Plastics (LON:CAR) manufacture of fine-tolerance moulded plastic components which are used in medical, optical and electronics products; The companies within the LED Technologies and Precisio…

Actress and humanitarian, Eva Longoria turned up to a charity event in Hollywood with the cast of her upcoming NBC comedy, Hot and Bothered, Thursday night. More »

Eight goals couldn't decide a winner as Bergen Catholic and DePaul played to a 4-4 draw in Wayne. 

Kevin Ayaz, Joseph Barile, Miles Franklyn and Brian Masur each scored a goal for Bergen Catholic while DePaul got two scores from Matthew Gotrell and one each from Steven Filko and Bobby Pombo. 

Both teams scored twice in each half as Bergen Catholic's Dash Coyle made 11 saves while DePaul's Luke Van Winkle stopped 19 shots.

:14 

In late morning trade on the Frankfurt stock exchange, VW shares — which took a battering last week after the company admitted to installing emission-test cheating devices in its diesel engines — plunged 6.6 percent to an intraday low of 100.20 euros.

© 2015 AFP

The convener of the Brihanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvaya Samiti, on Tuesday, cautioned Ganpati mandals against playing music aloud past prescribed deadlines as "NGOs would be ready on the streets with their decibel meters." Naresh Dahibavkar was speaking to a packed auditorium of suburban Ganpati pandal organisers at an event held by the north Mumbai police on Tuesday. "These NGOs will not even spare the police if the latter do not lodge complaints of noise pollution. The concerned police officer would then have to lose an increment or a promotion," Dahibavkar said, adding that he had requested the chief minister to relax noise rules till midnight for at least six days of the festival. 

The event was organised by the Mumbai Police to reward those Ganpati mandals that had adhered to all security precautions and followed all rules during the festival in 2014. Additional commissioner Fatehsinh Patil said that instructions given out to sarvajanik pandals shouldn't be looked at as an obstacle. "40000 Mumbai Police will be out on the streets but we cannot protect the city unless Ganpati mandal organisers and karyakartas act as our eyes and ears," said Patil. The police have asked mandal organisers to ensure separate queues for male and female visitors at the pandals, install high-resolution cameras and form a team of karyakartas who would ensure there is no sexual harassment of women. 

"Low tide is the perfect period for Ganpati immersion. But we have observed over the years that Ganpati mandals with large idols often set out for immersion during high tide. As a result, the idols are not immersed properly. There has to be a deadline set for immersion for large idols," said BJP MLA Manisha Chaudhary. Congress MLA Aslam Shaikh said there needs to be a size specification for idols depending on the strength of the mandals. "There have been instances when smaller mandals get large idols and are unable to ferry them in time to the sea. They then desert the idol midway and leave," said Shaikh, adding that eco-friendly idols are the need of the hour. 

Shaikh, Chaudhary and Dahibavkar appealed to sarvajanik Ganpati organisers to loosen their pursestrings for the drought affected and donate generously to the government.

Patients are experiencing unacceptable delays for cancer tests due to underfunded and overstretched services, according to two reports. 
 
Key waiting times targets are being missed, leading to anxiety for people waiting to hear if they have the disease, Cancer Research UK said. 
 
It points to growing pressure on services for imaging and endoscopy - a long, flexible tube that relays images of inside the body on to a TV screen. 
 
A report produced for the charity by the University of Birmingham predicts that more than 750,000 extra endoscopies will be needed every year in the UK by 2020. 
 
This is a 44% increase on current levels, and is fuelled by the growing number of people who will suffer a range of diseases, including cancer, as they age. 
 
A second study for the charity points to major concerns regarding NHS imaging, including an under-resourced workforce and outdated equipment. 
 
It said it will cost £215 million to replace old imaging equipment. 
 
Imaging services include CT scans, MRI and ultrasound and are key for diagnosing cancer and monitoring progression of the disease. 
 
Cancer Research UK argues there are too few staff working in testing, including a lack of nurse endoscopists and radiologists. 
 
Sara Hiom, director of early diagnosis at the charity, said: "Waiting for tests and test results can be a worrying and uncertain time, and delays will only increase that anxiety. 
 
"Patients need to feel reassured that suspected cancer is being taken seriously and is prioritised by the NHS because we know early diagnosis and swift treatment are crucial in giving them the best possible chance of beating the disease." 
 
She said the state of NHS diagnostic services was "deeply concerning" and new guidelines for GPs aimed at increasing diagnosis means more people will be waiting for tests. 
   Promoted stories   
"There aren't enough trained staff, they're often reliant on outdated equipment and in many cases they're already operating services seven days a week," she said. 
 
"GPs do not have the access they need and that means patients are waiting too long for tests. This has to change if doctors are to diagnose more people with cancer earlier, when treatment is more effective." 
 
Latest NHS figures show that half of NHS trusts in England fail to meet the target for 85% of cancer patients to start treatment within 62 days of being urgently referred by a GP. 
 
Around 6,100 patients in the first quarter of 2015/16 were not seen within 62 days. 
 
The NHS is also only just meeting its target for 93% of patients with suspected cancer to be seen by a specialist within two weeks of referral by their GP (93.6% are seen). 
 
The Government's cancer strategy, published this summer, said that by 2020, 95% of patients referred for testing by a GP should be definitively diagnosed with cancer, or have cancer ruled out, within four weeks of referral. 
   
 Share article  
   
Dr Giles Maskell, president of the Royal College of Radiologists, said: "Well-resourced testing services are crucial to the early diagnosis of cancer, which in turn is vital to increase survival from the disease. 
 
"The earlier cancer is diagnosed, the better the chances that it can be cured."

Research and Markets ( http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/zn64ln/food_formulation ) 
      has announced the addition of the "Food 
      Formulation Trends: Ancient Grains and Sprouted Ingredients" report to their offering. 

This report takes an in-depth look into the latest ancient grain and 
      sprouted ingredient trends at retail with a peek at food service to 
      guide innovation efforts by food processors and food service operators 
      and to help them better anticipate competitive moves. Food Formulation 
      Trends: Ancient Grains and Sprouted Ingredients provides extensive 
      discussion of individual ancient grain ingredients separated into those 
      containing gluten and those considered gluten-free. 
   
Coverage includes grain history, production and supply, taste and 
      textural attributes, nutrition, and retail presence. Food service 
      highlights and insights associated with recent retail product launches 
      containing ancient grains, described by category, as individual 
      ingredients or blends, are presented. Sprouted ingredient sources and 
      product launches are reviewed by company and category. Findings from 
      Packaged Facts proprietary consumer survey indicating purchase rates of 
      specific ancient grains are included. 

Who Will Benefit From This Report 

Retail Food and Beverage Manufacturers and Marketers, especially those 
      manufacturing products in the following categories (and any others that 
      traditionally use grain or already contain ancient grains) 

- Grains/Flour 

- Bread 

- Cereal & Granola 

- Baking Mixes 

- Bars 

- Popped & Extruded Snacks 

- Crackers 

- Snack Chips 

- Dinner Mixes 

- Side Dishes 

- Meat Alternatives 

- Gluten-Free Foods 

- Vegan Foods 

Food and Beverage Retailers 

Ingredient Companies, especially those supplying: 

- Ancient Grains 

- Sprouted Ingredients 

- Plant Protein Ingredients 

- Gluten-Free Ingredients 

- Whole Grains 

Private Label Marketing Firms 

Advertising Agencies 

Investment Banks 

Key Topics Covered: 

Chapter 1: Executive Summary 

Chapter 2: Ancient Grains Containing Gluten 

Chapter 3: Gluten-Free Ancient Grains 

Chapter 4: Innovating with Ancient Grains 

Chapter 5: Sprouted Ingredients Head Mainstream 

Companies Mentioned 

- 5th Generation Seed, LLC 

- Arrowhead Mills 

- Bluebird Grain Farms 

- Bob's Red Mill 

- Boomchickabites 

- Bunge Limited 

- Cheerios 

- Jovial Foods 

- Kamut® 

- Kellogg's 

- King Arthur Flour 

- Minn-Dak Growers, Ltd. 

- National Restaurant Association 

- Nature's Path 

- Nature's Path 

- One Degree Organic Foods 

- Quaker 

- SPINS 

- Shiloh Farms 

- Target Corporation 

- The Birkett Mills 

For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/zn64ln/food_formulation 




View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150928006392/en/

Thinking of asking your BFF to be bridesmaid at your wedding? Watch this surprising video first… 
      
Planning your wedding is exciting, right? 
 
And choosing your nearest and dearest to be in your wedding party is one of the best parts. 

But, while you may think you’re bestowing a great honour upon them, the truth is… well, it’s very different. 

And this video, created by the clever folk at Buzzed, has revealed EXACTLY why that is, 

"I'm not crying because the wedding is beautiful," explains one bridesmaid to the camera. "I'm crying because I spent £1,000 to be in it." 

It only gets worse (or better, depending on your P.O.V.) from there. 

Check it out: 
 
[embedded content] 
 
Oh dear. 

Well, it’s obviously not ALWAYS like this for bridesmaids - but, when the bride is being particularly bridezilla-isn, we imagine that they will start snapping the hen party for “potential blackmail”. 

The lesson to take away from this is NOT to forget having bridesmaids completely. It’s to remember that, while it’s an honour to have them in your wedding party, it’s also a lot of work, time and money for them. 

So maybe try to recognise that fact and show them a little kindness along the way. 

It might just turn their inner monologues into something a little more motivational…

A shoe-obsessed shopper knows, no Fall wardrobe is complete without a few pairs of boots. Not one but two or even three. That's how you'll feel once you start shopping the selection of must-have boots here. The shoe that dominates the season has so many fresh new styles, you'll want to add a friend to that basic black boot in your closet.  Whether you're on a budget or up for a boot binge, we're making boot shopping a cinch for you to trek through the tough weather and hit the streets in high style. From day-to-day ankle boots you could wear with everything to flirty over-the-knee styles, master your Fall shoe game and re-boot for the season now.

Ankle Boots
Midi Boots
Over-the-Knee and Thigh-High Boots
Embellished Boots
Patchwork Boots
Buckled Boots
Western-Inspired Boots
Lace-Up Boots
Rain Boots




via POPSUGAR Fashion http://ift.tt/1KjML1U

at 4:24 PM EDT 
       
      
When it comes to firmware, good things come in pairs this week, it seems! 
 
We've already told you about a pair of upcoming updates from Olympus and Sony earlier in the week. Firstly, Olympus will be updating both the E-M1 and E-M5 II mirrorless cameras in a couple of months, adding a raft of new features to both. And then we have Sony's plans for uncompressed raw support in the Alpha A7S II and A7R II mirrorless cameras , a plan that may possibly spread over time to bring other A7-series firmware updates. 
 
In a typical week, that would be plenty enough for our Firmware Friday roundup, but even having already told you about all of that this week, we're still left with a whole lot to discuss. We have news of updates for two Canon DSLRs, two Nikon DSLRs, two business-oriented Ricoh rugged cameras and an action camera from Chinese brand XiaoYi. 
 
We'll start with Canon, whose updates for the EOS-1D X and EOS-1D C DSLRs landed a couple of days ago. In both cases, the updates fix the exact same issue: The autofocus drive continuing to operate intermittently with a shutter button half-press, even when the custom functions had been set to activate metering only on a half-press. 
 
Canon EOS-1D X owners can download the firmware version 2.0.8 update from Canon's website and install it themselves. Canon EOS-1D C, owners, however, will have to return their camera to Canon to have the firmware version 1.4.0 update installed , and may have to pay for shipping and handling. 
 
Next up, we have Nikon's updates for the D5200 and D7100 DSLRs. Both updates aim to resolve a problem with camera lockup when the "Clean image sensor" function has been activated, as well as horizontal banding in HD (1,280 x 720 pixel) movies shot at 50p or 60p frame rates. 
 
For the D7100 only, there are also fixes for a problem with camera lockups during menu scrolling in some languages, as well as an issue that caused the screen to darken during image review if the playback button was pressed. An unspecified problem with the viewfinder virtual horizon has also been corrected. 
 
You can download Nikon's new firmware at the links below: 
 
Next up this week, we have new firmware for the Ricoh G800 and G800SE. These rugged cameras are aimed at business and industrial use, and differ in the latter's Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, GPS and bar code scanning capabilities. (Bluetooth and Wi-Fi are built-in, while the other functions require optional accessories.) 
 
New firmware for the Ricoh G800SE and G800 resolves an issue with connection to PictBridge-compliant printers. For the G800, that's the only change, but the G800SE also gets some other tweaks. A problem that prevented image transfer when using the date folder option has been fixed, and support added for more 802.1x certificates. These include certificates that expire after the year 2038, chained certificates, and PEAP with EAP-MSCHAP v2 certificates (but only with an EAP-TLS certificate key of 2,048 bit or less.) 
 
You can download Ricoh's new firmware at the links below: 
 
And finally, we come to the XiaoYi action camera, for which firmware version 1.2.12 landed earlier this week. Here, there have been tweaks to power-saving mode for greater battery life, and to sounds and status lights for better status indication. Behavior in time-lapse, burst mode and loop video recording has also been changed. Problems with app connectivity and live view have also been fixed, as well as issues with image reversal and clip length in time-lapse shooting. You can download the XiaoYi action camera firmware version 1.2.12 here . 
 
And that brings us to the end of a rather action-packed week on the firmware front. Enjoy your weekend, and be sure to check back next time for more Firmware Friday news! 
 
 ( Camera parts image courtesy of Kelly Hofer / Flickr; used under a Creative Commons CC-BY-2.0 license . Image has been modified from the original.)

ameinfo - 9/12/2015 9:58:55 AM - GMT (+4 )    
The annual conference for the duty free & travel retail industry in the Middle East and Africa is to be staged at the world-class King Hussein Bin Talal Convention Centre 

read more

Brooklyn, NY -- (SBWIRE) -- 09/11/2015 -- Moving Services Brooklyn firmly believes in keeping their long list of clients consistently happy and satisfied and they achieve this mission by constantly raising the standards of their services and creating new benchmarks of consistency and superior quality. This local moving company in Brooklyn offers all kinds of moving services and find that their simplified services do much good for their clients as it greatly helps in bringing the stress levels for the movers in Brooklyn down.

Kenya Power has renewed its bill payments service with Uchumi Supermarkets, four months after suspending the partnership over what it claimed were delays in remitting cash paid in by electricity users. 

The electricity distributor Tuesday said that renewal of the deal came after both parties entered into a payment pact for outstanding and future amounts.

The Nairobi Securities Exchange-listed retailer on Monday announced that it had in an ongoing bid to woo back suppliers and its business partners as part of its overall recovery plan.

“We had an issue with the former management of Uchumi Supermarkets over failure to submit payments made at its outlets by our customers.

We have resumed operations at Uchumi after the new management made an application to us and we are happy to be business partners again,” said the Kenya Power chief executive Ben Chumo in an interview.

“We trust the new management and I have no doubt that going forward we will keep supporting Uchumi for the benefit of the country and shareholders,” added Mr Chumo.

He declined, however, to disclose how much money Uchumi owes Kenya Power. 

Under the partnership, the retailer earns a commission for electricity payments made at its outlets. Uchumi currently has 26 branches in Kenya.

Kenya Power has been signing on main retailers including mobile service provider firms, among them Safaricom and Airtel to tap into the huge traffic of shoppers who frequent supermarkets, mostly in urban areas.

In May Kenya Power said it would be spending Sh500 million to set up a premium customer care lounge at its Nairobi headquarters targeting corporate clients who contribute to the bulk of its revenue. 

The move is aimed at attracting new members to the new premium club where beneficiaries have access to specialised lines to call in case of a power blackout or emergency.

Empty shelves

Uchumi Supermarkets’ management is striving to rebrand the retailer and regain credibility from shoppers who were frustrated by empty shelves and poor customer service. 

The retailer says its shelves are now about 80 per cent stocked and is seeking to win back more suppliers who had severed links due to non-payment for deliveries.

The retailer has already hired a new team among them Julius Kipng’etich as its new chief executive and Willy Kimani as the chief operations officer.

Uchumi has also started renovating its hypermarkets in Nairobi, with the exercise expected to end in November. It also plans to close down non-performing branches once the evaluation of all its branches across the region is complete.

Left: Jennifer Lien on Another World. Roger: Lien's mugshot from the
Roane County Police Department. Former Another World actress Jennifer Lien was arrested and has been in custody for two weeks after allegedly exposing herself in front of several children, Roane County police confirm.
Lien has been charged with two misdemeanor counts of indecent exposure in an incident that happened on August 31 in Harriman, Tennessee.
A neighbor of Lien’s made a complaint to police after Lien began a tirade due to a crying child, and during her tirade, exposed her breasts and buttocks. The neighbor stated that she had three children in the yard while this was happening.
According to a Roane County Sheriff’s Office report, when police appeared on September 3 with a warrant, Lien was not wearing clothes and resisted arrest.
“The offender stated she wasn’t going any f–king where and we needed to leave her alone,” reads the police report by responding officer Billy Walker.
Lien also threatened to have the officers shot and killed, says the police report. She was transported to the patrol car and taken to the Roane County Jail, and is scheduled to appear in court on December 7.
Lien played Hannah Moore on Another World in 1991 to 1992. She later starred on Star Trek: Voyager from 1995 to 2000 as Kes. Her other credits include American History X, Accidents Don’t Happen, Men in Black: The Series, Battle Force: Andromeda and voice work in Lion King 2: Simba’s Pride.
Lien had another run-in with the law earlier this year. In April, she was arrested and charged with evading arrest, resisting arrest, reckless endangerment and aggravated assault.
Below, watch one of Lien's early Another World episodes, which aired July 15, 1991. Paulina Cory (Cali Timmons) finally comes face to face with the young woman who has been using her name, Hannah Moore (Lien).

Britain's Jamie Murray endured doubles heartbreak again as he and Australian partner John Peers lost their second consecutive grand slam final at the US Open. 

Murray and Peers were runners-up at Wimbledon in July and the duo fell at the final hurdle in New York too, as French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert won 6-4 6-4 to lift the title. Placed 15th in the doubles rankings, Murray won the mixed crown at Wimbledon in 2007 but Andy's older sibling is yet to add a men's doubles trophy to the family cabinet. 

"I'm starting to know what Andy felt like for a long time," Jamie Murray said. 
 
"We've had a great year to play at the Wimbledon final and to come here again. We're very fortunate to have done that. 
 
"We'll keep trying to get over the line and get that grand slam title." 
 
Mahut and Herbert were slick around the net and more clinical when the opportunities arose, as one break at the end of each set was enough to seal victory in one hour and nine minutes. 
 
"I am speechless now," Mahut said. "We have been working so hard for so many years to win this kind of tournament. 
 
"We lost in the final and I had another loss two years ago. We said today, 'let's go for it' and we played great. 
 
"Pierre played great in the last game. I have never seen anyone play like that in a doubles match - unbelievable shots." 
 
Murray and Peers have played together for almost three years now and they raced out of the blocks, opening up three break points in the first game on Mahut's serve, but failed to capitalise. 
 
Two more chances arrived for the British-Australian duo at 4-4 in the first set but again the French held on, as Peers missed a simple backhand volley. 
 
The mistake perhaps preyed on Peers' mind as he then served a double fault at 5-4 before being broken to hand away the opening set. 
 
The second was even tighter, as neither side offered up a single break point until the final game, when Herbert finished off a thrilling match point to secure victory and the title. 
 
"It was pretty close," Murray said. 
 
"Once you get there, you want to win, don't you? It's not like we are the best players ever that will be making finals every time we step on the court. 
 
"Just you never know when you might not get back to one. So when you get back to one, obviously you want to win. It didn't happen." 
 
Their success this year means Murray and Peers are already close to securing a place at the ATP World Tour Finals in London in November. 
 
Murray will now turn his attention to Friday's Davis Cup semi-final against Australia, where he is likely to partner Andy in the doubles as Britain bid to reach the final for the first time since 1978. 
 
"It's good, I don't have time to sit around and dwell on the past," Murray said. 
 
"I have to fly back tomorrow (Monday) night, get to Scotland and join up with the team and get back into the swing of things at Davis Cup. 
 
"There's a lot to look forward to next week. We have got a great chance to try to get to the final. We're playing at home as well so lots to look forward to."

Job seekers can register online at www.okmilitaryconnection.com to attend an Oklahoma Military Connection hiring event at the Fort Sill Armed Forces Reserve Center from 10:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Friday.  
 
The deadline for registering online is the close of business Monday. 
 
The Armed Forces Reserve Center is Building 3955, behind the Shoppette at the southwest corner of Sheridan and Mow-Way roads. The hiring event is offered by a consortium made up of four agencies: CareerTech for Vets (a program of the Oklahoma Department of Career and Technology Education), the Oklahoma Employment Security Commission, the Oklahoma National Guard's Employment Coordination Program and the Oklahoma Department of Workforce Development. 
 
Those who are military members, Guard or Reserve, separating from active duty or veterans seeking employment, are encouraged to register for the event. Pre-registration with a resume will ensure exposure to employers to which they will be matched based on experience and skill set. Matched resumes have a greater success rate and are key to employer interviews. 
 
Fifty employers from all over Oklahoma will be at the hiring event. Schools are not included, as the aim is to get vets and spouses into jobs with a livable wage. Walk-ins are welcome, but be sure to take your resume. 
 
Some employers will be conducting interviews on site, and computers are available for applicants who need to do some last-minute tweaking of their resumes or apply online. 
 
Col. Warren Griffis, director of the Oklahoma National Guard's Employment Coordination Program, said that in order to participate in the hiring event, employers must have current open vacancies and be willing to conduct interviews or a screening of some sort similar to an interview. 
 
This is the third Oklahoma Military Connection hiring event that has been held in the Fort Sill Armed Forces Reserve Center. 
 
"We've had outstanding success on the past two and expect even greater success this time," Griffis said. 
 
Last year's event drew upwards of 350 attendees. The employers who did report back said at least 13 people were hired from that event. 
 
"It could be higher; we just haven't received information back from all employers. We believe the number is much higher," Griffis said.

Geier’s Sausage Kitchen has wonderful plump Maple Leaf Duck breasts in the freezer. I keep some on hand to make a luscious duck fried rice for family and friends.  Of course I stopped at Yoder’s Produce market for farm fresh fruits and veggies to add to a family favorite. 
  
Remember to only use cold rice and you may substitute brown rice. 
 
Ingredients 
 
2 Tbs. neutral oil, such as canola or peanut 
 
1 Tbsp. duck fat rendered –optional (see below) 
 
1/2 cup diced yellow onion 
 
2 Tbsp. gluten free soy sauce 
 
¼ cup fresh squeezed orange juice 
 
1/4 cup thinly sliced scallions (3 medium) 
 
2 Tbsp. minced fresh ginger 
 
2 Tbsp. minced fresh garlic 
 
2 Tbsp. minced fresh cilantro (for garnish) 
 
1 cup thinly sliced shiitake mushrooms (stem before slicing) 
 
1 Tbsp. chili sauce 
 
4 cups cold cooked jasmine rice -chilled 
 
1-1/2 cups diced sweet bell peppers (1/4-inch dice) 
 
2 boneless duck breasts (or leftover duck precooked and chopped) 
 
½ cup chopped mango 
 
1/2 cup diced pineapple 
 
1 cup diced savoy cabbage 
 
Scrambled egg whites 
 
Directions 
 
Heat a 14-inch wok or 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat . Add the oil, swirl the wok to coat, and then add the onion, scallions, ginger and garlic. Stir-fry with a metal or wooden wok spatula until fragrant and light golden, 30 to 60 seconds. 
 
Add the mushrooms and stir-fry until slightly softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the chili sauce and stir-fry until all of the ingredients are coated, about 30 seconds. 
 
Using your hands or a fork, gently break up any clumps in the rice until the grains are separate. Add the rice to the wok and gently stir-fry, stopping occasionally so the rice has a chance to brown a bit, until it has some crispy edges and is heated through, about 3 minutes. You should hear sizzling during the last minute or so. 
 
Drizzle the fish sauce over the fried rice. Add the bell peppers and stir-fry until softened, 30 to 60 seconds. Add cooked egg whites and toss. 
 
Add the duck, pineapple, mango, and gently stir-fry until heated through, 30 to 60 seconds. Transfer the fried rice to plates or bowls, top with cilantro and serve right away. 
 
Duck breasts: 
 
Unthaw and score duck skin with knife. Pre heat pan to medium high. Sear duck breasts about 10 -12 minutes per side or until medium rare let rest 15 minutes. 
 
Drain fat, reserving some for rice and save remaining for fried potatoes another day.

You may not be able to visit this page because of: 
 an out-of-date bookmark/favourite  a search engine that has an out-of-date listing for this site  a mistyped address  you have no access to this page  The requested resource was not found.  An error has occurred while processing your request.  
Please try one of the following pages: 
 
If difficulties persist, please contact the System Administrator of this site. 
  
Article #151397 not found

Search by city or zip code. Press enter or select the go button to submit request 
             Notice: New features, functions, and enhancements to AHPS pages as of 8/11/2015. Click here for details        
 Auto Refresh: OFF   
            
NOTE: River forecasts for this location take into account past precipitation and the precipitation amounts expected approximately 48 hours into the future from the forecast issuance time. 
NOTE: Forecasts for the Grand River near Pattonsburg are issued as needed during times of high water, but are not routinely available.             Flood Categories (in feet) 
 Major Flood Stage:  32  Moderate Flood Stage:  30  Flood Stage:  25  Action Stage:  20  
Historic Crests 
(1) 40.00 ft on 08/09/1909 
(2) 37.60 ft on 07/24/1993 
(3) 34.27 ft on 05/08/2007 
(4) 34.25 ft on 06/01/1947 
(5) 33.80 ft on 09/14/1973 
Show More Historic Crests  
(P) : Preliminary values subject to further review. 

Recent Crests 
(1) 26.90 ft on 06/05/2014 
(2) 28.60 ft on 05/28/2013 
(3) 29.20 ft on 04/18/2013 
(4) 27.93 ft on 06/16/2010 
(5) 28.10 ft on 06/07/2010 
Show More Recent Crests  

(P) : Preliminary values subject to further review. 

Low Water Records 
(1) 1.76 ft on 07/17/1970 

    
 Show FEMA's National Flood Hazard Layers  
   
FEMA's National Flood Hazard Layers not showing? 
  
Note: Your zoom level may have changed. ESRI's zoom levels must be between 14 and 16 to show National Flood Hazard layers. 
       
Zoom Level:14 
    
  Legend   
   
  FEMA Layer   
      Gauge Location    Disclaimer   Latitude/Longitude Disclaimer: The gauge location shown in the above map
                is the approximate location based on the latitude/longitude coordinates
                provided to the NWS by the gauge owner.      If you notice any errors in the below information, please contact our Webmaster 34.5  U.S. Highway 69 south of Pattonsburg floods. The railroad tracks near Pattonsburg are also under water.  32  The business section of old town of Pattonsburg begins to flood.  30  Nearly all agricultural land and secondary roads in the Grand River floodplain flood.  25  Low-lying farmland begins to flood.   
Latitude: 40.025556° N,
          Longitude: 94.126944° W,
          Horizontal Datum:
          NAD83/WGS84 
  River Stage 
Reference Frame  Gauge Height  Flood Stage  Uses  NWS stage  0 ft  25 ft  Interpreting hydrographs and NWS watch, warnings, and forecasts, and inundation maps  Vertical Datum  Elevation 
(gauge height = 0)  Elevation 
(gauge height = flood stage)  Elevation information source  NAVD88  Not Available  Not Available  Survey grade GPS equipment, FEMA flood plain maps, newer USGS topographic maps  NGVD 29  742.12 ft  767.12 ft  Older USGS topographic maps, NGVD29 benchmarks  MSL  Not Available  Not Available  Older USGS topographic maps, MSL benchmarks  Other  Not Available  Not Available         The National Weather Service prepares its forecasts and other services in collaboration with agencies like the US Geological Survey, US Bureau of Reclamation, US Army Corps of Engineers, Natural Resource Conservation Service, National Park Service, ALERT Users Group, Bureau of Indian Affairs, and many state and local emergency managers across the country. For details, please click here .

Gosh well doesn't this make us feel old... Coleen Nolan's eldest son, Shane, 26, is expecting his first child - meaning that Coleen is going to become a granny! 
The Loose Women panellist announced the news on the show on 7 September 2015, saying that her son Shane Ritchie Jr, who was born during her first marriage to Eastenders actor Shane Ritchie, is to become a dad. 

She said, '[The child] is from my eldest child Shane and Emma, unfortunately they are not together anymore.' 

She also revealed that the expectant parents have already chosen a name! 'She's going to be called Amelia Rose,' she added. 

And when asked what the presenter would like to be called, Granny or Nanny, she replied, 'Nanny, I think!' 

'I spent most of [my holiday] in America buying this child clothes and my husband said, 'It's not even here yet!' I went, 'Wait until it is!' 

The news comes just weeks after Coleen's younger son, Jake, announced his engagement to Little Mix star, Jesy Nelson. 

Congrats, Coleen, Shane and Emma!

Canberra sprinter Melissa Breen has paid the price for a poor world championships by having her funding cut from Athletics Australia. 

Australia's fastest woman in history over 100 metres, the 25-year-old was left off the National Athlete Support Structure membership program on Monday. 

Breen was a late addition to the program last year after she broke Melinda Gainsford-Taylor's 20-year-old national record in the women's 100m with a time of 11.11 seconds. 

But Breen has struggled to carry that form to the world stage and has missed out on the semi-finals four times in a row. 

The final straw was when she finished second-last in her heat at this year's world championships with a disappointing time of 11.61 seconds. 

Athletics Australia high performance director Simon Nathan said it was the selection committee's decision that Breen was unlikely to achieve the program's goals of reaching the top eight at a world championships or Olympic Games. 

"She's done everything she can do and been professional and done all the right things, but the outcomes and the actual results at the championships are such that we can't see her making that top eight in the future," Nathan said. 

"That's why we took her off the program and it lets us support someone else. 

"There isn't anybody who tries harder on the team or is more dedicated to training, but what she is unable to do is get that out at the big championships. 

"It's a competitive group and she's struggling to get out of the first round." 

Breen will still receive partial funding after being included in the Gold Coast GOLD Relay Program designed to support relay squads ahead of the 2018 Commonwealth Games on the Gold Coast. She also has a scholarship with ACTAS. 

Breen's training partner Lauren Wells, middle-distance runner Zoe Buckman and javelin thrower Kelsey-Lee Roberts have been included in the Podium Potential category. 

It is the second-tier of funding that includes 42 of the 72 athletes who are in the NASS program. 

Breen has admitted she made a mistake in training in Canberra ahead of the world championships instead of competing overseas. 

Nathan said her preparation didn't factor into the funding decision. 

"She tried something different and whether she would do it again, I don't know," Nathan said. "Unless you try, you don't know. 

"It's the championship results and the outcomes in that environment that we are making our assessments on."

From email announcement: 
 
 
 
Cool Weather 
Groovy Foods 
yeah, baby. 
 
See You At the Market! 
3:30 – 7:00 pm 
 
:-(   NO MORE $5 Tokens! 
Please spend the ones you’ve got and check with your favorite vendors to see if they can take your credit or debit card for purchases. 
 
SNAP EBT still Good :-) 
through the market season 
 

Fall Veggies & Fruits & CSAs Abound 
and Everyone’s Back this Week! 
 
Baked Goods 
Organic Wheat Breads and Turkish Pastries 
Irish Porter Cakes and Soda Bread 
Baklava 
 
“Dine In” 
Brunswick Stew 
Asian Noodles with Fresh Vegetables 
BBQ Pork Buns 
Chicken and Beef KeBobs 
Vegie, Chicken & Shrimp Spring Rolls 
Pork Rinds  and  Popsicles 
 
Greater Richmond Dietetic Association 
will be in the house! 
with recipes & quick tips for fruit & veggies

modrobert writes: "Abkarino has released PlayStation 3 Flash Tool v4.0 for Windows in the forum right here at EurAsia. This tool is intended as a replacement for the famous FlowRebuilder with improved handling of PS3 NAND dumps. Features: Rewritten from scratch and switched from .NET application to pure QT C++ application for faster and better work. Windows 10 compatible. Auto patch PS3 RAW NAND dumps, to save your time and effort, no need to do manual process again. Unscramble PS3 RAW NAND dumps and make a readable unified dump out of them. Re-scramble a unified PS3 NAND dump and make Two RAW dumps out of it and update its ECC values to be ready for flashing. Extract unified NAND dumps files. Patch a unified NAND dump with integrated 3.55 CFW (FSM) or 4.70 CFW (NoFSM) patches."

SOURCE GOBankingRates

New survey data collected from over 10,000 Americans shows the biggest financial concerns of residents in every U.S. state

LOS ANGELES 

The leading personal finance website asked residents in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia 

Overall, 1 in 5 Americans said sticking to a budget is their biggest challenge and another 1 in 5 report planning for retirement is their focus.

To see the full analysis on financial challenges in each state, visit: http://www.gobankingrates.com/retirement/heres-1-financial-challenge-americans-state/

"We saw a relationship between the biggest financial challenge in a given state and the local economic conditions in many cases. Californians, for instance, are most challenged by paying for higher education, where the UC system happens to be under scrutiny for massive tuition hikes," said Casey Bond 

Key findings of the study include:

No. 1 Financial Challenge of Americans in Every State: . Methodology: The 2015 Life + Money Survey is comprised of findings from five Google Consumer Surveys conducted in July and August 2015. Sample sizes range from 1,000 to 10,003 respondents of U.S. adults ages 18 and older. All surveys are representative of the U.S. internet population with a margin of error of 2.2 percent or lower. For the complete methodology, visit gobankingrates.com/lifemoney2015/.

About GOBankingRates

GOBankingRates.com is a leading portal for personal finance and consumer banking information, offering visitors the latest on everything from finding a good interest rate to strategies for saving money, investing for retirement and getting a loan. Its editors are regularly featured on top-tier media outlets, including U.S. News & World Report, Forbes, Business Insider, DailyFinance, Huffington Post and more. It specializes in connecting consumers with the best financial institutions and banking products nationwide.

Contact:

Roxy Barghahn 

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130926/LA86996LOGO 

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150914/266300 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150914/266299-INFO 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/map-illustrates-the-no-1-financial-challenge-of-americans-in-every-state-300142929.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

The 2015 week one MichiganCrossCountry.com  Prep Rankings. The rankings are released weekly during the high school season. 

Division 1 

1 Rockford 
2 Northville 
3 Novi 
4 Saline 
5 Portage Central 
6 Bay City Western 
7 Saginaw Heritage 
8 Rochester Adams 
9 Traverse City Central 
10 Monroe 
11 Traverse City West 
12 Detroit Catholic Central 
13 White Lake-Lakeland 
14 Pinckney 
15 Lake Orion 
HM Midland 
HM Grosse Pointe North 
HM Highland-Milford 
HM Hartland 
HM Alpena 
HM East Lansing 
HM Grandville 
HM Temperance-Bedford 
HM Oxford 

Division 2 

1 Grand Rapids-Christian 
2 Clio 
3 St Clair 
4 Fremont 
5 East Grand Rapids 
6 Parma-Western 
7 Otsego 
8 Richland-Gull Lake 
9 St Johns 
10 Corunna 
11 Spring Lake 
12 Linden 
13 Williamston 
14 Coldwater 
15 St Joseph 
HM Orchard Lake-St Mary Preparatory (BXC only) 
HM Cadillac 
HM Pontiac-Notre Dame Preparatory School 
HM Chelsea 
HM Yale 

Division 3 

1 Benzonia-Benzie Central 
2 Shepherd 
3 Lansing Catholic 
4 Hanover-Horton 
5 Bridgman 
6 Holland-Black River 
7 Clare 
8 Grand Rapids-Covenant Christian 
9 Stockbridge 
10 Pewamo-Westphalia 
11 Hemlock 
12 Grandville-Calvin Christian 
13 Erie-Mason 
14 Caro 
15 Scottville-Mason County Central 
HM Hesperia 
HM Watervliet 
HM Bath 

Division 4 

1 Saugatuck 
2 Bear Lake 
3 Evart 
4 Hudson 
5 Harbor Springs 
6 Concord 
7 Mt Pleasant-Sacred Heart Academy 
8 Lansing Christian 
9T Mendon 
9T Beal City 
11 Kalamazoo-Hackett Catholic Prep 
12 Potterville 
13 Ubly 
14 Fowler 
15 Kalamazoo Christian 
HM Sand Creek 
HM Manton 
HM Mason County Eastern 
HM Plymouth Christian 
HM Hillsdale Academy

Influential Emirati Business Leader And Commentator: "Iran Deal Goes From Risky To Farcical" HT: Memri.
At First, "I Shrugged Off The News" Of The Secret Agreement "As A Figment Of Someone's Heated Imagination"
In his August 25 article, Al-Habtoor wrote:
"When I first learned from the news that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) had signed a secret agreement permitting Iran to self-monitor at least one of its major nuclear sites, I shrugged off the news as a figment of someone's heated imagination.
"It is inconceivable that the world's nuclear watchdog, known for its professionalism and stringent monitoring, would sign off on something so bizarre – or so I initially believed.
"Iraq, whose nuclear activities, both civilian and military, were dismantled following the Gulf War, certainly did not get off that lightly. Even after years of intrusive inspections, the IAEA under the directorship of Mohammed ElBaradei declined to present Iraq's deserved clean bill of health to the UN Security Council prior to the US-led invasion.
"Yet the Islamic Republic of Iran, that has been spinning thousands of centrifuges to enrich uranium beyond accepted civilian levels and has refused to come clean on its past activities in this sphere, is trusted to inspect itself.
"The IAEA cannot be accused of lacking innovation. Perhaps we will soon see drivers suspected of being under the influence allowed to test their own substance levels. Moreover, given that the ayatollahs, whose mantra is 'Death to America,' are suddenly considered trustworthy, years of negotiations could have been avoided. A simple affidavit signed by the Supreme Leader would have sufficed just as well. Something does not smell right here."
"The Obama Administration's Claim That The U.S. Was Not A Party To This Agreement" Is "Just As Fishy".
"Just as fishy is the Obama administration's claim that the U.S. was not a party to this agreement specific to the Parchin Military Complex – known as Separate Arrangement II – when it was approved by all P5+1 countries.
"A White House spokesman has confirmed the administration is 'comfortable' with the terms of the confidential side agreement between Iran and the IAEA. Are we to suppose that the IAEA took this dangerous, lackadaisical approach off its own bat?
"According to a leaked draft of this 'Separate Arrangement' divulged by the Associated Press, Iran is bound to provide the IAEA with photographs and videos of the various locations within Parchin, together with environmental samples. The question remains, how can those photos, videos and samples be verified as relating to the Parchin complex – and even if they are legit, who is to know whether or not they have been cherry-picked?
"President Obama's assurances that Iran's activities would be subject to 'unprecedented verification' sound ever more hollow. The IAEA has been barred from this site, suspected of carrying out explosives tests related to nuclear weapons, since 2005 and now it has assented to being locked-out for the duration, which is out of character."
Like Other UN Bodies, The IAEA Too Is Now Politicized.
"This surrender on the part of the IAEA leads me to believe that like so many other UN bodies, the IAEA is politicized; in this case, it has shaped its usual rock-solid strategies to suit political goals. However it is spun, this does not amount to 'the most robust inspection regime' ever, as touted by the Obama administration.
"The AP news report has been slammed by the IAEA as 'misleading.' However, the agency's Director General Yukiya Amano has not disclaimed the draft's published content. He insisted that the arrangements are in conformity with long-established IAEA practices, while emphasizing that he has 'a legal obligation not to make them public.' One is left wondering why the public, not to mention U.S. lawmakers, are being left in the dark."
"My Suspicions That Iran Is Being Deliberately Empowered To Fit A Geopolitical End-Game Are Heightened".
"I have been against this unsatisfactory arrangement with Iran since day one, primarily because of its narrow remit. An acceptable deal would have been conditional upon Tehran ceasing its troublemaking and its attempts to topple governments throughout the region.
"My view broadly reflects the opinions of many of Iran's neighbors, who are rightly fearful that the lifting of sanctions will see Iran's coffers overflowing into the hands of its armed proxies.
"President Obama has repeatedly countered our concerns on the grounds that curbing Iran's nuclear ambitions for 10 years is better than no deal. I did not find his arguments credible then, but now that the existence of secret side agreements have come to the fore, my suspicions that Iran is being deliberately empowered to fit a geopolitical end-game are heightened.
"I would love to know why a country that has been hostile to Western powers and their allies since its inception in 1979 is being so rewarded. Or is this animosity with the West just a farce to fool us?"
"Obama Has Been... Bribing America's Middle East Allies, Appealing To The American People, And Playing The Heavy With Congress To Seal His Deal, To The Point Of Being Unseemly – At Stake Is His Legacy"
"European capitals are eyeing up lucrative trade deals and planning to reopen their embassies in Tehran. Iranian-Russian trade is set to expand exponentially... Iran's oil industry is gearing up to expand production of crude to pre-sanctions levels, which could see already depressed oil prices spiraling to new lows.
"Obama's hard-sell campaign is not working, despite his frequent appearances on U.S. news networks to plug the deal for all he is worth, and his furious lobbying of Congress. He has even resorted to pleading with the American people to press their Congressional representatives to vote 'yes,' but is making little headway. A recently released CNN/ORC poll indicates that 56 per cent of Americans want Congress to reject the deal.
"Just about every Republican presidential hopeful – with the exception of Jeb Bush who is on the fence – vows to undo the deal and re-impose sanctions; most of their Democratic rivals are trying to distance themselves from the topic.
"Congress has 60 days to put the issue under a spotlight and is set to vote early next month on a 'Resolution of Disapproval.' If the vote fails to go in the President's favor, in theory Congress could prevent him from lifting sanctions against Iran. Obama has threatened to use his veto, risking putting the White House and Congress on a war footing. It will take a two-thirds majority in Congress to override that veto.
"President Obama has been browbeating and bribing America's Middle East allies, appealing to the American people and playing the heavy with Congress to seal his deal, to the point of being unseemly. At stake is his legacy. It is my hope that America's lawmakers will vote in sufficient numbers to ensure that we in this part of the world are not doomed to pay the price."[2]
"Europe's Unseemly Haste To Embrace Tehran"
"The Mullahs Have Gone From Zero To Hero In The Blink Of An Eye"
In his August 31 article, Al-Habtoor wrote: "The ink hardly dried on the Iran nuclear deal before European countries were racing to seal trade deals and reopen embassies. The mullahs have gone from zero to hero in the blink of an eye. Forgotten are Tehran's links to terrorists, attempts to overthrow Middle Eastern governments and mass gatherings organized to hurl insults and threats at the West.
"Cast aside are concerns about Iran's suppression of minorities, its dismal human rights record or its practice of stoning women. I believe Iran has made no substantial statements to the effect it is willing to change. On the contrary, its message throughout has been one of defiance. It has not been required to denounce terrorism let alone its participation in terrorist acts.
"Iran's crimes are suddenly of no consequence to Europe's democracies; I believe they have purposefully put their blinkers on and are literally queuing with their hands out to beat down Tehran's golden doors. All they see now are flashing neon dollar signs. The Islamic Republic, soon to be flush with an $80 billion plus bonanza, is destined to become Europe's latest cash cow.
"I was extremely disappointed and saddened at Britain's rush to reopen its Tehran embassy that has been closed for four years subsequent to coming under mob attack in November, 2011. I have always had great respect and admiration for the UK that I consider my second home, based on my homeland's historic ties and the principled stances taken by great leaders like Winston Churchill and Margaret Thatcher, who kept the 'Great' in Britain, politically, militarily, industrially and economically.
"I cannot imagine that those prime ministers, whose names remain engraved on world history to this day, groveling before a country that five minutes ago was their enemy, just to get their clutches on a fistful of dollars."
"Iran's Crimes Are Suddenly Of No Consequence To Europe's Democracies; They Have Purposefully Put Their Blinkers On" "The UK's Foreign Secretary, Philip Hammond, was the first to beat a track to Tehran since 2003. Naturally, he arrived with a trade delegation and took the opportunity to stress the 'huge appetite' shown by British business to invest in Iran as well as the readiness of British banks to finance deals.
"As the Iranian network Press TV has reported, Iran has recently hosted 'a delegation of government ministers from Italy,' who has signed a Memorandum of Understanding to fund industrial, construction and infrastructure projects worth over 3 billion euros. This comes on the heels of a visit by Germany's Minister for Economic Affairs and Energy, Sigmar Gabriel, with a team of manufacturers, as well as visits from Austrian, Serbian, Swiss and Azerbaijani government officials. Spain is also champing at the bit to board the gravy train.
"Moreover, President Hassan Rohani has been invited to visit Rome 'in the coming weeks'. Rohani's red carpet travel schedule is getting fuller by the day. Following a visit to Tehran by France's Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Development, Laurent Fabius, accompanied by business leaders, he has been invited to visit the Elysees Palace in November. Russia and China, which have always been cosy with Tehran, are waiting in the wings with lucrative energy and weapons contracts at the ready.
"No doubt President Barack Obama is rubbing his hands together awaiting his turn to get in on the action, delayed by pesky lawmakers who refused to take his word that his deal is the best thing that has happened since the invention of the wheel.
"Iran and its Lebanese proxy in Lebanon, Hezbollah, have not changed. Nevertheless, America inexplicably saw it fit to remove those entities from its terror threat list even as it is fighting to preserve Syria's Killer-in-Chief and supporting a Houthi takeover of Yemen.
"At least one senior Iranian official has gleefully announced his country's continued support for 'resistance' groups, which translated means their armed minions and spies targeting Arabian Gulf States. Who can blame Iran's Arab neighbors for being rattled when a massive cache of weapons were recently discovered in Kuwait in the hands of a Hezbollah cell poised to create mayhem and bloodshed!..."
"A 'Grand Bargain' Between The West And Iran Is Unfolding Before Our Eyes".
"I am starting to wonder whether there is more to the nuclear deal, which permits Iran to carry out self-inspections of its suspect Parchin Military Complex, than meets the eye - especially when there are other secret agreements between Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency which the nuclear watchdog is legally bound not to disclose, even to the U.S. and the other P5+1 countries. Believe that if you will!
"In this case, one can only speculate about the existence of other secret arrangements between Iran and the Obama administration that has displayed unprecedented determination to ensure the deal passes muster with Congress and has gone to extreme lengths to persuade America's longstanding Middle East allies to come on board, including invitations to the leaders of Gulf States to weekend talks at Camp David. Likewise, President Obama is trying, unsuccessfully, to bribe the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu into silence with a massive 'military compensation package.'
"The Shah of Iran may have sat on the Peacock Throne, but it is my bet that Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Hosseini Khamenei is strutting around like a peacock these days, his feathers plumped up by European sycophants and endless praise from U.S. officials.
He is getting everything for nothing. Iran's nuclear infrastructure remains intact, uranium enrichment will be ongoing. Opening up some of the country's nuclear facilities, barring military sites, to intrusive inspections for 10 years is just a mere inconvenience paling by comparison with the glittering rewards.
"I warned again and again of the potential of a 'Grand Bargain' being struck between the West and Iran many years ago and now it is unfolding before our eyes. I recall President Obama saying the nuclear deal could possibly lead to normalization of relations with Iran way into the future provided it sticks to its commitments. What is happening now makes a mockery of those cautious words.
"Here is another prediction. Those Western leaders prostrating themselves before the Iranian leadership will live to rue the day. Enriched and emboldened, I believe it is only a matter of time before Tehran strikes at their countries interests because its ideology and hatred for all things western are immutable.
"The Arab World, in particular Iran's closest neighbors, the Arabian Gulf states, must not only be alert to the coming danger, but should take a leaf out of Donald Trump's book by erecting an impenetrable wall in terms of military, surveillance and intelligence capabilities, to keep Iran, its mercenaries and proxies far from our shores. If we are not careful, the West's lust to bolster their failing economies will leave us hung out to dry." [3]
Endnotes:
[1] Subheads added by MEMRI. [2] The National (UAE), August 23, 2015. The article was also published on English.alarabiya.net on August 25, 2015. [3] The National (UAE), August 27, 2015. The article was also published on English.alarabiya.net on August 31, 2015. 

LAS VEGAS , Sept. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The International Legal Technology Association (ILTA) Peer Awards event concluded its evening with the coveted Innovative Solution Provider Award going to Litera Corp. 
 
At ILTA's annual conference, ILTACON, three awards are given to participating vendors – leading software and service providers – based on case studies, interviews, videos, and written submissions. 
 
The 2015 ILTACON judges presented the Innovative Solution Provider of the Year award to Litera Corporation for their Litera Anywhere™ solution, making Litera the winner of all three awards within the last two years. 
 
Paul Domnick , President of Litera Corporation, stated, "Following on the heels of 2014 where we won two of the three awards, Vendor Thought Leader of the Year and Consultant of the Year , we are humbled and honored to be awarded ILTA's Innovative Solution Provider of the Year. Enabling mobility is one of the benefits of cloud computing but not having critical tools in the cloud created a hurdle for professionals who need to compare, clean, convert, collaborate, secure and share documents in the cloud. Our Clients and ILTA have validated our vision and affirmed the value we provide." 
 
Litera Anywhere™ was created to go beyond point solutions and individual products by offering several technologies integrated into a solution that allows professionals to work anywhere, on any device with access to all the critical tools that they only had on their desktop.  This enables mobility and productivity without compromising security. 
 
ILTA, the International Legal Technology Association, is the most prestigious outlet for legal professionals to gain knowledge and share experiences allowing members of the legal field to overcome the arduous challenges they face on a daily basis.  Connecting over 1,400 law firms and departments that represent over 20,000 individuals, ILTA is a hub for legal resources, educational content and peer-network opportunities.  
 
Litera's comprehensive productivity and risk management suite provides organizations with unsurpassed Content Confidence ® . Patented document creation, collaboration, and control technologies streamline workflows and provide a new level of information security with governance at the document level, even outside the organization. These capabilities are now available in any location, on any device, in any environment with Litera Anywhere™. This allows remote users simple access to the tools and content they always need to do their job, and facilitates cyber-secure and effective collaboration between disperse mobile users, teams and organizations. Learn more at  www.litera.com . 
 
Contact: 
Dawn Hudgins 
Litera Corp. 
336-375-2991/>/>/> 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/litera-awarded--innovative-solution-provider-of-the-year-at-iltacon-2015-300141653.html 
 
SOURCE  Litera Corp. 
 
Copyright (2015) PR Newswire.  All Rights Reserved

Consideration was provided by Orville Redenbacher’s Popcorn. Last weekend, after a busy week of flying to Baltimore for Expo East, I rushed home to spend some quality time with my little squishy monster. My Husband and oldest were off having a Girl Scout camping adventure so I got to spend some time with my biggest...
Read More » 
 
Continue reading on JaMonkey.com

When Brian Grey had to figure out the value of a landmark home known as the Flintstone House, the appraiser couldn’t look to comparable residences. With its clump of bubble-shaped rooms, the home seemed to spring out of a Hanna-Barbera c…  
Some unusual homes are on the market and making headlines. counterclockwise: The Rock House, the Volcano House, the Flintstone House and Palazzo di Amore COMPOSITE BY MARILYN KALFUS; PHOTOS: JEFF GRITCHEN, LEONARD ORTIZ, MICHAEL McNAMARA, OPEN HOMES PHOTOGRAPHY 

Some unusual homes are on the market and making headlines. counterclockwise: The Rock House, the Volcano House, the Flintstone House and Palazzo di AmoreCOMPOSITE BY MARILYN KALFUS; PHOTOS: JEFF GRITCHEN, LEONARD ORTIZ, MICHAEL McNAMARA, OPEN HOMES PHOTOGRAPHY 

When Brian Grey had to figure out the value of a landmark home known as the Flintstone House, the appraiser couldn’t look to comparable residences. With its clump of bubble-shaped rooms, the home seemed to spring out of a Hanna-Barbera cartoon. 

Grey quickly realized, “I just don’t have another house that’s like this. 

” 

That didn’t make the property a white elephant, though. 

When Grey asked several real estate agents in the Bay Area whether there was a market for the unusual home, he recalled, “The consensus was there’s constant demand. 

” 

Sure enough, a buyer snapped it up for $800,000. 

Nearly two decades later, the quirky marvel – remodeled and enhanced – is on the market again, this time for $4.2 million. 

It’s one of several out-of-the-ordinary dwellings that have been making headlines lately. 

In the Mojave Desert, a house shaped like a spaceship and set on the 150-foot cinder cone of an extinct volcano was listed at $650,000 earlier this month and went into escrow Friday. The property, on 60 acres with a lake, got multiple offers. In Beverly Hills, a sprawling compound touted as the priciest home in the U.S. last year just took a $46 million price cut. 

Despite their differences, houses like these raise a common question: How does anyone – real estate professionals, sellers or buyers – figure out what off-the-wall, over-the-top homes are worth? 

The Volcano House was owned by TV personality Huell Howser, who gave it to Chapman University in 2012, a year before his death. The university had originally planned to use the house for desert studies, astronomy and geology pursuits. But it’s selling the property because its desert location, in Newberry Springs east of Barstow, was deemed too isolated for students. 

Brady Sandahl of Hom Sotheby’s International Realty says he and another agent listing the house considered other “architecturally significant” properties, mostly in the high desert, in coming up with the $650,000 price tag. 

“You just develop a business gut as to what you think the market will capture,” he said. “Then you turn to the buyers, and they’ll tell you why they’re giving you what they’re giving you. That’s the beauty of an open market. 

” 

Sandahl said the multiple offers he received show the asking price was appropriate; three offers came in at $650,000 or more. 

But clearly, the price tag would be higher if the property wasn’t so remote. 

“This is real estate,” said Grey, who appraised the Flintstone House. “The first three rules of real estate are location, location, location. 

” 

The Flintstone House is on the opposite side of that rule. It’s 17 miles from San Francisco and right near I-280, a major freeway. 

“When you’re in the yard of the Flintstone House,” Grey said, “you hear that freeway very clearly. 

” 

While the noise outside the home is a minus, on the plus side, Grey said, the house itself is nearly soundproof: “It’s like being in a cave. 

” 

He attributes that to the construction. Steel rebar and wire mesh frames were built over large inflated weather balloons then covered with gunite, or “shotcrete.” He said that makes the walls thicker than a typical home’s. 

Appraising even unusual homes involves the basics, Grey said. Size, number of rooms, quality of finishes and condition are all factors considered in addition to location. 

“Those are relevant to any house, no matter how unusual or historical or plain it is,” he said. 

THE COMPS 

With no truly comparable homes, Grey said, he used a bracketing system to determine where the Flintstone House fit on a spectrum. He placed the area’s high-end Tudor homes and plain ranch homes at opposite ends. 

“Appraising something … it’s quite a bit more art than science,” he said. “In terms of appraising that house, I put it right in the middle. 

” 

He did not make comparisons with unusual homes elsewhere in the country, he said. 

With land value varying greatly, he explained, “You could be avoiding an adjustment regarding the design of the house and making a huge adjustment for the difference in location. 

” 

In Southern California, Realtors Joyce Rey and Stacy Gottula of Coldwell Banker Previews International cast a considerably wider net to come up with Palazzo di Amore’s $195 million price tag, which has since dropped to $149 million. 

The agents said they looked to the most expensive homes worldwide. 

The 25-acre compound with its own vineyard in Beverly Hills was touted as the most expensive in the U.S. when it came on the market last year. 

The gated, 12-bedroom, 23-bathroom property was eight years in the making. It’s reached by a quarter-mile, tree-lined drive and has a guard station. A two-level entertainment center, with a 50-seat screening room and a bowling alley, is entered through a floating glass-floor walkway over pools lined by 70-year-old olive trees. 

The main residence tops 35,000 square feet, while the entire estate has more than 53,000 square feet of living space. There’s garage parking for 27 cars, though the site “can easily accommodate parking for (approximately) 150 cars,” according to the listing. 

“There are so few comps, you really have to look at the history of sales in the area as well as the global sales,” Gottula said. 

“They’re going to be a global citizen of some kind,” Rey said of the likely buyers. “They’re going to have houses in various places, and they’re going to be looking, in all probability, in all of those markets. 

” 

The Realtors considered the highest sales in London, Hong Kong, France and elsewhere. They …

| Business & Human Rights Resource Centre      Skip Content   Home ▹ Malaysia: Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition launches...       
                Author: Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition (EICC) on CSRwire,                 Published on: 14 September 2015   
"Electronics Industry Pilots Factory Worker Protection Program in Malaysia", 26 Aug 2015 
 
The Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition ( EICC ), a non profit coalition of leading electronics companies dedicated to supply chain responsibility...announced the launch of a foreign migrant worker protection pilot program that aims to improve communications in electronics factories by providing workers with more effective ways to report issues related to social, environmental and ethical responsibility. The name of the program is Suara Kita, which is Malay for "Our Voice."...The program will be piloted in Malaysia, given the sizable industry presence and large number of foreign workers there...The EICC program aims to improve worker-management communication in factories; build off existing company training, grievance and helpline efforts; inform the larger EICC grievance management strategy globally; and complement other efforts to implement new standards governing foreign migrant workers as outlined in the  EICC Code of Conduct  and regulations such as the U.S.  Federal Acquisition Regulation  (FAR) on Ending Trafficking in Persons. 
 
Read the full post here 
  Categories             Search site               
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information  Accept 
    
The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this. 
 
Close

Ventas (NYSE:VTR) announced a quarterly dividend on Thursday, September 3rd, ARN reports. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, September 15th will be given a dividend of 0.73 per share by the real estate investment trust on Wednesday, September 30th. This represents a $2.92 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.36%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, September 11th. This is a positive change from Ventas’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.69. 

Ventas ( NYSE:VTR ) opened at 54.45 on Friday. Ventas has a 52-week low of $53.86 and a 52-week high of $81.93. The company has a 50 day moving average of $62.91 and a 200 day moving average of $67.70. The company has a market capitalization of $18.10 billion and a PE ratio of 35.31. 

Ventas (NYSE:VTR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, July 24th. The real estate investment trust reported $1.18 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.16 by $0.02. The business earned $891.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $871.22 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $1.12 earnings per share. Ventas’s quarterly revenue was up 18.6% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Ventas will post $4.46 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 

Several analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Mizuho decreased their price target on shares of Ventas from $85.00 to $64.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Friday. Deutsche Bank cut their price objective on shares of Ventas from $72.00 to $64.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday. Citigroup Inc. boosted their price target on shares of Ventas from $62.17 to $63.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, August 19th. BMO Capital Markets dropped their price objective on shares of Ventas from $74.00 to $65.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, August 19th. Finally, Evercore ISI decreased their price target on Ventas from $77.00 to $65.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, August 17th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $70.60. 

Ventas, Inc. is a real estate investment trust ( NYSE:VTR ). The Firm has a portfolio of healthcare properties and seniors housing found throughout the United States, Canada along with the United Kingdom. The Business operates through three sections: triple- senior living operations, net leased properties and operations that are MOB. The triple-net leased properties section invests in seniors housing and health care properties throughout the USA as well as the UK and rent those properties under triple- complete or net -net leases that obligate the renters to pay all property-related expenses to healthcare operating companies. The senior living operations section invests in seniors housing communities throughout the United States and Canada and employs independent operators, including Atria and Dawn, to manage those communities. The MOB operations segment, acquires, leases, develops, owns, and manages MOBs throughout the USA. It invests in seniors housing and healthcare properties.

MIL OSI – 
 
Source: US UAW Union – Press Release/Statement: 
 
Headline: Greetings to all UAW-Ford Members: 
 
This communication is to provide you – and especially our newer members for whom the bargaining process may be unfamiliar – an update on negotiations and where we are in that process. 
 
Typically, negotiations take place over a period of several months. Our members at each local were asked to participate in a strike authorization vote and overwhelmingly gave the International Union permission to call a strike when necessary. A strike is difficult and always the last resort when negotiations break down. We are not at that point. As you are aware, the current contract expired. We have agreed with the Company to extend the terms of the existing 2011 contract. This is not unusual and commonly occurs when either another company has been identified as the lead, as is the case here, or when a viable end is in sight and bargaining continues to progress. 
 
Numerous subcommittees have been negotiating specific aspects of the contract since July; most have reached tentative agreements. While we continue to meet on outstanding subcommittee issues, larger economic issues remain. 
 
Each round of negotiations presents its own unique challenges. We are determined to negotiate the best possible contract for our members while retaining good American jobs. 
 
While Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA US) is setting the pattern by negotiating first, we stand ready and able to complete our negotiations. As UAW President Dennis Williams and Vice President Norwood Jewell continue to bargain with FCA US, it is imperative that we, the UAW-Ford members, stand with our brothers and sisters at FCA US in solidarity and support. Our unity is our strength. 
 
Many entities against us are attempting to skew perception. I ask that you be cautious of the sources from which you receive your information and the material you choose to share. It is imperative that we are not misguided by rumors or misinformation. Again, unity is our strength. 
 
In the midst of negotiating the future of the American autoworker, solidarity is needed now more than ever. We cannot run at the first sign of trouble, nor jump to conclusions at every speculation. We remain in solidarity with you, our retirees and our brothers and sisters at FCA US and General Motors, and encourage you to do the same. 
 
We look forward to presenting a tentative agreement for ratification that meets the needs of our entire membership. 
 
In Solidarity, 
 
Jimmy Settles 
Vice President and Director 
UAW Ford Department 
 See the original letter  
– – 
 
— 


© Multimedia Investments Ltd Terms of Use/Disclaimer.

To view the full text of this news item you need to become a member of this website. Join now for access to the full range of news and features offered. Different membership and access levels are available – click here to join; registration is quick and easy.

Abstract: This article uses the concept of settler-colonialism to revisit the work of Nova Scotian writer T.C. Haliburton in its cultural and political context and to argue for his continuing relevance for students of colonialism and postcolonialism. Haliburton’s The Clockmaker exposes the synchronic existence of parallel cultural geographies in the first half of the 19th century on the North American continent. Applying a settler-colonial reading to Haliburton’s political satire reveals the contradictions and fractures within 19th-century definitions of Britishness, exposes the importance of political ideologies in the early articulation of British North American and US settlerhoods, and illuminates the triangulation of both these settler-colonial identities with one another and with Britain.

Published on: 2015-09-25 02:02:36 

 

 
We’ve taken a look at the notable debuts, the concept cars and the large vehicles of this year’s Frankfurt Motor Show, but there was plenty more to see at the biggest auto show in the world. Here we check in on the smaller debuts, features and oddities from around the show – everything from classic cars, to futuristic autonomous concepts, to water toys with aftermarket body kits. .. Continue Reading In pictures: 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show roundup Section: Automotive Tags: Plug-in Hybrid Frankfurt Motor Show 2015 Cars Electric Vehicles Related Articles: Brembo presents new low-weight calipers for high-end cars Nissan comes to Gripz with sporty SUV styling BMW Concept Path 22 hints at R nineT Scrambler VW doesn’t mess with the formula for new Tiguan BMW’s M6 Coupe gets Competitive In pictures: Concept cars of the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show 
 

 


 
Originally posted here: 
 In pictures: 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show roundup

Ports of Auckland have revealed their plans for a 1.4 hectare intermodal freight hub including rail connection, container handling facilities and other value-added logistics services. The hub will be constructed only a few kilometres from the Port of Tauranga’s gates.

The move is somewhat of a “return of serve” from the former in light of the latter having pioneered the inland port concept in New Zealand when establishing MetroPort Auckland 16 years ago.

The development, due to open in Triton Avenue towards the end of this year, will allow for wider competition and choice, said Ports of Auckland chief executive Tony Gibson.

“Our Bay of Plenty freight hub will help make New Zealand exporters more competitive on the world stage by making their access to global markets more efficient and easy,” said Mr Gibson. 

“It also enables us to reduce excessive empty container movements and better balance the volume of exported goods with imported goods through our port. This is good for exporters, for New Zealand’s supply chain logistics and for the port.”

New Zealand Shippers’ Council chairperson Mike Knowles views the projeect as “further development in the competitive process”.

“Both [ports] are major players in the New Zealand supply chain and both are important to many companies in our membership,” he says.

“The ports do compete against each other and against other ports in New Zealand.” 

ExportNZ executive director Catherine Beard sees the the development positively, stating it will “create good competition and prices for exporters and take cost out of the supply chain”.

“We do know that it is a problem in New Zealand that we cart a lot of empties around and that costs money, so if we can do anything to reduce the cartage of fresh air, one would think that is going to translate into greater economies for exporters,” says Ms Beard.

The operation, on behalf of Ports of Auckland by Toll Group with land-owner Triton Pacific building the infrastructure required, will complement the port company’s existing inland freight hubs at Wiri (South Auckland) and Longburn (Manawatu).

Iain MacIntyre

Sep 4, 2015 PR Newswire EMAIL Tweet BETIM, MINAS GERAIS, Brazil, Sept. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (FCA) CEO Sergio Marchionne met in Brasilia with Brazilian government authorities President Dilma Rousseff, Vice President of Republic Michel Temer, Minister of Finance Joaquim Levy and Minister...
Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet

I love health success stories. Who doesn’t?  
Many of the “Before and After” stories we see online are related to weight loss. Getting that bikini shot after losing 50 pounds is fine and all, but I find the stories about overcoming chronic illness far more inspiring. 
 
That’s why I’m stoked to share one of my student’s testimonials about her experience going through the Paleo Rehab: Adrenal Fatigue program. 
 
Leslie* contacted me after I asked the Paleo Rehab group to share their personal health journey related to their identification of HPA axis dysregulation (AKA “ adrenal fatigue “) and the health improvements they had after implementing the recommendations from the program. 
 
When Leslie told me our program “saved her life”, I had to find out more. Even I was in disbelief that our program could help someone achieve that level of health success from Paleo Rehab . 
 
How could our online program have saved someone’s life? 
 
Leslie was kind enough to share her story publicly, for which I’m so grateful. I hope her experience gives you hope and confidence that you too can find the root of your health problems and begin overcoming them today . 
 
Thank you for your story Leslie! <3 
 
*Name has been changed for privacy. 
 Leslie’s Story  
Three years ago my health changed overnight, and my life went on hold. 
 
I would wake up every night around 1am with internal tremors in my neck, back and abdomen. They became progressively stronger throughout the night and I couldn’t sleep – sometimes for days at a time. They felt like I was having a seizure but I wasn’t. Occasionally the symptoms would happen during the day but for the most part it was at night. The conventional doctor initially thought it was a vitamin deficiency but I didn’t improve with supplementation. 
 
Months passed living with these symptoms. The sleep deprivation was debilitating. I couldn’t understand why it was happening every night at the same time. The doctor thought it was stress and the only stress I had was from not knowing what was wrong with me. 
 
I thought my symptoms might be spine related so I went to see a Chiropractor and he was the first one to suggest “adrenal fatigue.”  He suggested I purchase Dr. Wilson’s book but when I read it the symptoms didn’t sound like mine, at the time, so I didn’t give it any more thought.  Over the years I forgot about it. 
 
Next I tried Osteopathy treatments for two years and I was told that I have a nervous system imbalance and could be fixed with osteopathy and acupuncture but it would take time. I was willing to give it time and went for treatment twice a week but there was no improvement.  During this time I decided to see a Naturopath and when I described my symptoms he looked at me with a little smile and said nothing. He offered no possible explanation. 
 
I went back to the conventional doctor who prescribed an MRI – the results were normal.  Then I had blood tests, x-rays and ultrasounds to rule out other conditions – they were normal. He thought the symptoms were probably menopausal and said that I am lucky because women who have hot flashes suffer more.  My condition was not considered as bad as hot flashes.  Basically, in a polite way, I was told to suck it up.  I didn’t know where to turn to for help. It was a terrible feeling to know that something was wrong and I didn’t know where to go for help. 
 
I felt abandoned and alone. 
 
I decided to try another Naturopath who said my symptoms were due to an underactive thyroid.  After a few months on thyroid supplementation there was no improvement and I was feeling worse with additional symptoms – severe muscular pain every morning for 2 to 3 hours, low blood sugar and lack of energy – almost bedridden. With each appointment I complained about them and one day she realized it was low cortisol, which she called Adrenal Fatigue.  She gave me an adrenal supplement but the other ingredients in this supplement didn’t agree with me and I had to stop taking it. 
 
She offered little help with my diet even though she had a nutritional background.  When I explained that I was having a very difficult time controlling sugar levels and that I was eating almost every hour and a half during the day and several times throughout the night she gave me another supplement to balance sugar levels but it didn’t work. 
 
Desperate for answers I went to see an endocrinologist wondering if it really could be menopausal.  The endocrinologist said that I didn’t have an adrenal problem, that there is no precursor to Addison’s disease, that I didn’t have a blood sugar problem, and that what I have is a result of a stressful life. He said that those who have had a stressful life will have “one heck of a time when they reach menopause”.  He recommended hormone replacement therapy to get me over the hump for the next two years but I refused to take it because of the bad side effects. I didn’t need any more ailments to deal with. 
 
During the day I tried to get some sleep. I was lucky if I got an hour or two.  Any vitamins I tried to take made me severely dizzy for hours or made my hands tremble.  Walking across the room felt like I was going to drop to the ground from severe exhaustion and not only physical exhaustion but I felt an internal exhaustion like I was crumbling on the inside. All I wanted to do was stay in bed and rest. 
 
Every night I was in survival mode.  Eat or pass out.  
 
Hungry or not I had to eat to keep my sugar levels up and most of the time – actually all of the time – I was not hungry at all and had to force the food down.  Eating several times during the night never gave me a restful sleep and I kept my husband awake too.  I had to get up so frequently that it would wake him.  Sometimes the sugar levels were so low that I’d be trembling and crying from fear and frustration. He’d get up to sit with me in the kitchen until my body absorbed the food and the symptoms settled down.  That was a regular event.  He was worried about my health, which then started to affect his. 
 
When I heard about the Paleo Rehab program I joined hoping that I could, at the very least, learn one or two things that would help me feel a bit better. 
 
This program gave me much more than that. I am on my way to being normal again. 
 
After joining this program I made some diet changes: I increased protein, carb, fat and fiber intake in the recommended ratios.  I ate super foods, such as liver, and my muscular pain improved within a week while stabilizing my blood sugar.  To eliminate the muscle pain completely I increased soluble fiber and over a two-week period it worked – the pain is gone!  I’ve been pain-free for 6 weeks now and my blood sugar is stable.  I used to eat 8 meals a day plus 1 to 3 snacks throughout the night and now I am down to 5 meals and the occasional bedtime snack if I don’t eat enough calories during the day. 
 
I can finally sleep through the night. Finally. No more tremors. Adding meditation and a few, easy lifestyle changes to my daily routine has helped a lot too. 
 
I am also working one-on-one with Kelsey Marksteiner on individualized supplementation due to other health conditions that need attention. After 2 weeks of starting the new supplementation my blood sugar problems feel almost non-existent – the best they’ve ever been.  I know the sugar problem is there and I am in the healing stages so I won’t do anything crazy like go on a restrictive diet and act like it’s not a problem.  I know the problem is still there, but it does feel like it’s getting back to normal. 
 
I am healing. 
 
My energy level is still low but I am confident that it will improve as well.  I know what and how much to eat to get and keep myself healthy. Today I understand that the tremors I had were caused from adrenaline peaks occurring around 1am and lowering blood sugar levels.   Cortisol is supposed to kick in to raise it but mine never did and my sugar levels remained low.  I was miserable every day from sleep deprivation, exhaustion and pain.  I stopped driving because I was afraid I’d fall asleep at the wheel. 
 
Once I started sleeping through the night I was in a better mood – happier – and I could go out and do the things I used to do. My husband is so happy to see me getting back to normal – and so am I. 
 
Would you believe that I had spent close to $10,000 on healthcare practitioners with nothing to show for it?   
 
It’s hard to enjoy life when you don’t feel well and I was not going to give up on finding someone who could help me. I am so happy that I found the Paleo Rehab program .  The amount and the quality of the material are impressive and it is obvious how much time – and love – was put into it.  It is more than I ever expected. 
 
Laura and Kelsey – you saved my life. 
 
Yes, that is exactly how I feel and I am not ashamed to say it even though it may sound exaggerated.  What I went through was horrible and only my husband knows the extent because he was there to witness it. 
 
You helped me when no one else could and I don’t know where I’d be without you.    
 
Thank. You. So. Much. 
 
- Leslie

The President of the United States accidentally left a copy of his White House Correspondents’ Dinner speech on his desk in the Oval Office. As a White House fellow, it’s your job to pick it up and bring it to him. Except when you get to the Oval Office, the door locks behind you. You can’t get out until you figure out what’s missing from the speech. What do you do? 
 
So goes the scenario for Escape the Oval Office, one of two escape room-style games at D.C.’s brand new Escape Lounge , which opened in July on H Street NE. With roots in video game culture, escape rooms are cropping up in cities across the country. Aptly named, they are essentially rooms that you have to escape by answering clues, solving riddles, or finding hints that lead you to the key. They’ve become somewhat of a thing in the city in the past year, as WAMU noted last month , making the Escape Lounge the third to open since October. 
 
This particular game lounge is also getting attention for having the city’s first escape room game set in the White House—though co-founder Ayanna Smith says that wasn’t the original intention. Smith, her husband, and their business partner wanted to launch a family entertainment business and, upon learning about escape rooms, decided to start the kid-friendly 30-minute-long Escape the Classroom game. They opened Escape the Oval Office at the same time, though, and it quickly become the main attraction. 
 
“The Oval Office is a little more popular now, because of the D.C. theme,” Smith says, adding that she’s noticed it’s an especially popular theme for tourists wanting to making their vacation as D.C.-centric as possible. 
 
Escape the Oval Office is a little bit different than some of the other escape rooms around town, which Smith warns visitors should know in advance. Rather than a linear style of play—where Clue #1 takes you to Clue #2, and so on, down a numbered list of clues—the Oval Office offers a lot of repeated clues in different locations around the office to help you find that missing piece from the president’s speech. 
 
At first, this was hard for Washingtonians to grasp. Rare was the team that actually completed the puzzle and escaped the room, which led to some serious frustration in the Escape Lounge’s first weeks. Though Smith says that escape rooms “take a lot of pride in low escape numbers,” she acknowledged that frustration, especially among the competitive types these games attract. So in the past month, the Escape Lounge has started ramping up the last-minute hints the staff offers players. Now, about 50 percent of players escape before the end of the hour-long Escape the Oval Office game. 
 
Even if you do escape, these rooms are designed to allow you to come back for more. Every few months or so, The Escape Lounge intends to change up the scenario of both Escape the Oval Office and Escape the Classroom—keeping the themes, but changing the hints and the key needed to exit. 
 
Both themed games are offered Wednesday to Sunday, 11 a.m. to 9 p.m.; it's $25 per person. Smith says Escape the Oval Office books up quickly for its weekend sessions, so get a jump on those reservations. Each game is meant to be played with five to 10 people, so if your group is smaller you might find yourself escaping the room with strangers. Given the popularity these games have as team-building exercises, though, those strangers might be new friends by the time you get out. 
 
Amy McKeever is on the D.C. beat for Travel + Leisure . You can follow her on Twitter and Instagram . 
   
Did you enjoy this article? 
 Share it.

Early Years Cook's Training 
 
 Grub4life offer a range of specialist cookery master classes and ... 
          
  General News    
Stanford Medical Center ReportChild Health Research Institute names six faculty scholarsStanford Medical Center ReportThe awards support junior and mid-level faculty whose research aims to improve the health of expectant mothers, embryos, fetuses, infants, children and adolescents. Sep 22 2015. The Stanford Child Health Research Institute has awarded a total of $2.6 ... 23-09-2

Heterocyclic Compounds 
Akshay Kumar, Vivek Sharma, Jasneet Kaur, Naveen Kumar and Swapandeep Singh Chimni 
Article first published online: 10 SEP 2015 

DOI: 10.1002/chin.201539108 

© 2015 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH, Weinheim, Fed. Rep. of Germany 

Issue

Swiss prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation into Sepp Blatter, the head of world soccer body FIFA, on suspicion of criminal mismanagement and misappropriation of funds....

Hi Dr. Chris Teo,

Good day to you! I've got the link of your website from a good friend of mine in the beginning of the year. At that time, my uncle was diagnosed with pancreas cancer stage 2. My uncle and his family members decided to take the advice from the attending doctor to do chemotherapy. He had since gone through a series of chemotherapy and further extended to radiotherapy.

Last month, my uncle was admitted to hospital due to severe sore throat, which believed to be the side effect of radiotherapy and continued to be warded until today. His health condition did not get better but deteriorated since hospitalization. 3 weeks after hospitalization, the attending doctor suddenly broke the news to my aunt and cousins that my uncle was diagnosed with liver cancer stage 4 and announced that he is left with 2 months of life. It was devastating as we all thought my uncle was actually recuperating. He is now very weak and bedridden.

I had passed your contact to my cousin early of the year and until today she didn't make that move to contact you. It seems to me that they are losing faith and giving up hopes. I'm writing this letter to seek for your professional advice as in what can I do to help my uncle or his family members?

Looking forward to hear from you soon. Your kind advice would be very much appreciated.

Thanks and best regards.

Reply: Nothing anybody can do in this case. Let the doctor takes care of him. No one can cure any cancer.

PERTH, AUSTRALIA -- (Marketwired) -- 09/23/15 --   Minemakers Limited ("Minemakers") (ASX: MAK)( TSX: MAK ) is pleased to announce the completion of the acquisition of Baobab Mining and Chemicals Corporation SA ("BMCC"), a company which owns the Baobab Phosphate Project in the Republic of Senegal, from Baobab Partners LLC ("Baobab Partners") (an affiliate of Agrifos Partners LLC). 

On 23 September 2015 the Company received approval, via receipt of an Amalgamation Certificate from the Registrar of Companies in Mauritius ("Registrar"), for the Reverse Triangular Merger involving the amalgamation of Baobab Fertilizer Africa, a wholly owned subsidiary of Baobab Partners and the parent company of BMCC, and Minemakers Baobab Mauritius, a wholly owned subsidiary of Minemakers, ("Amalgamation"). 
     
Following the Amalgamation, Baobab Fertilizer Africa is the sole surviving company, with Minemakers as its sole shareholder. 

The issue of the Amalgamation Certificate triggered Stage 2 Completion under the Merger Implementation Agreement ("MIA"). Stage 2 Completion was effected on the same day the Registrar issued the Amalgamation Certificate. 

In accordance with the terms of the MIA, Mr Timothy Cotton (nominated by Baobab Partners) was appointed as a non-executive director of Minemakers at Stage 2 Completion. 

In consideration for the acquisition and in accordance with the terms of the MIA, Minemakers will issue to Baobab Partners: 
--  100 million ordinary Minemakers shares;
--  80 million Minemakers unlisted options with an exercise price of A$0.25
    and a term of 4 years;
--  40 million contingent share rights satisfied by the issue of Minemakers
    shares upon the earlier of (i) achievement of a board-approved
    preliminary feasibility study; (ii) the decision to proceed with the
    construction of a phosphate rock mine; or (iii) first commercial
    production of phosphate rock; and
--  40 million contingent share rights satisfied by the issue of Minemakers
    shares upon first commercial production of phosphate rock. 
Cliff Lawrenson, Minemakers Managing Director and CEO commented: "We are pleased that completion of the transaction has been achieved and would like to welcome Timothy to the Board and look forward to his contribution to the exciting future of Minemakers." 

ABN 48 116 296 541 

Contacts: 
Minemakers Limited 
Mr Cliff Lawrenson 
Managing Director and CEO 
+61 8 9264 7000 

Minemakers Limited 
Mr Rod Wheatley 
CFO and Company Secretary 
+61 8 9264 7000 
frontdesk@minemakers.com.au 
www.minemakers.com.au

Tensas Parish Sheriff Ricky Jones said his warden had no choice but to release an inmate accused of a first-degree murder committed in Abbeville after the Louisiana Department of Corrections issued the order to free him. 

Jones said there had been no detainer placed on Derrick Mitchell, 24, who was arrested by the FBI in California last week after more than six months on the run. 

“I don’t have ESP and I’m not psychic,” said Jones, who said news reports made his department look incompetent. “I didn’t know he was wanted for murder and there was no detainer placed on this guy. So once we receive a diminution of sentence order, we don’t have a choice but to follow the law and release him.” 

Mitchell had been transferred from Avoyelles Parish to the Tensas Parish Detention Center to serve out a sentence for drug and battery charges unrelated to the Abbeville murder. He was released from the Tensas jail March 1. 

But Mitchell had also been indicted in the Dec. 20, 2012 killing of Darrell Broussard Jr., 25, of Abbeville, and should have been awaiting trail for that crime. 

“The bottom line is we didn’t make a mistake in Tensas Parish,” Jones said. “If there had been a detainer placed on him we could have held him for 10 more days until he could be picked up.” 

Gannett Louisiana has reached out to the Louisiana Department of Corrections for comment. 

Mitchell is now being held in the San Joaquin County Jail on a fugitive warrant, according to an Associated Press story. He will be transported back to Louisiana after he waives an extradition hearing or has a hearing this week. 

Follow Greg Hilburn on Twitter @GregHilburn1 

Read or Share this story: http://www.dailyworld.com/story/news/local/2015/09/28/tensas-sheriff-choice-releasing-accused-murderer/72977118/

TRIGG COUNTY, KY (KFVS) - 

US 68 around the 22 mile marker is shut down after a two-vehicle crash in Trigg County Thursday afternoon.

All lanes are blocked along this 4-lane section between Cadiz and Interstate 24, according to the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet.

A detour has been established via the KY 3468 Frontage Road (Old US 68) that parallels US 68 in this area near the Southern States Co-op and Farm Bureau facilities. 

Drivers should expect delays as four lanes of traffic are compressed to two lanes for the detour.

Drivers should avoid this area if possible.

The road is estimated to be blocked until around 7:45 p.m.

Download t

SACRAMENTO (AP) — Police say three people have been shot and one of them has died near a baseball field on the campus of Sacramento City College.

Police say the campus is on lockdown Thursday night while they search for a suspect with no shirt wearing cargo shorts.

Sacramento police say the three victims were all men. One has been confirmed dead, and the other two are being taken to hospitals.

Classrooms and offices are on lockdown while police create a perimeter.

Full Coverage at CBS Sacramento

I’m in the Arctic with JacksGap and glaciologist Professor Alun Hubbard. JacksGap are twin brothers Jack and Finn, accompanied by award-winning cameraman Tim Kellner. They are an online blog and video sensation with a massive reach to a young audience and a zeal for telling stories well. Alun has been at the forefront of research on the Greenland Ice Sheet for the last decade, and shares my passion for both polar regions. 
 Jakobshavn glacier, Arctic © Rod Downie  The Science and Communications Mission  
We’re here on a science and communications mission, to investigate and document the unprecedented rate of flow and melt of the Greenland ice sheet as a result of climate change. The Arctic is warming about twice as fast as the global average, and the ice sheet is losing mass at an accelerating rate. 
 Jack and Finn filming on the greenland ice sheet, Arctic © Rod Downie  Phase 1: Downloading data on the Greenland Ice Sheet  
Phase 1 of our mission involves flying up onto Russell Glacier and 100 km inland from the edge of the Greenland Ice Sheet. Underneath us, rumpled folds of crevassed glacier give way to smoother, gently sloping ice sheet. We’ve come here to dig out, service and download data from a transect of half a dozen GPS and weather stations. These simple, isolated instruments are almost indiscernible in the vast white landscape of the Greenland Ice Sheet, yet they play a critical role recording the rate of ice flow and how it is responding to the last decade of record climate warming of this seemingly slumbering beast. 
 Rod at the camp, Arctic © WWF-UK  
We are overwhelmed by the sheer scale and stark beauty of the landscape.  At 1.7 million km2, the ice sheet is about 7 times the size of the UK, and in places, the ice below us is 3km deep. It looks deceptively static – yet it’s creaking and groaning as it advances imperceptibly towards the sea.  ‘It’s a vast frozen reservoir of water’ Alun explains. ‘The outlet glaciers transport ice to the coast where it melts or calves icebergs and the ice sheet is already contributing about 1 mm a year to global sea level rise’. 
 
If carbon emissions continue unabated, the Greenland Ice Sheet has the capacity to raise sea levels by about six or seven metres, putting many of the world’s major cities like London, New York, Rio and Tokyo under water. This may become one of the biggest societal and economic challenges that humanity has to face in the future, yet it’s almost unimaginable outside a Hollywood film script. 
 Phase 2: Timelapse images of the receding Jakobshavn glacier  
Phase 2 of our mission takes us up the Ilulissat Icefjord, an UNESCO World Heritage Site, to Jakobshavn Isbrae. This is the biggest glacier in the northern hemisphere and probably the fastest flowing glacier in the world. It moves at a rate of up to 47 metres a day, and it has receded by more than 10 km since the start of the millennium. The ice front below is like a war-zone, a chaotic turmoil of bergs in all shapes and sizes that have broken off the glacier face and refrozen into the water below. 
 Time lapse imaging, Arctic © Rod Downie  
In Greenland, the short summer season is over and we are on the cusp of winter, but temperatures have been mild, hovering just below zero as we set up camp on a newly exposed area of ground looking across the expanse of the glacier.  Three years ago, when Alun was last here, this was ice. Now it’s a barren ‘nunatak’ – an island of rock in the vast expanse of ice. 
 
We download images from two Extreme Ice Survey time-lapse cameras, revealing dramatic images of the changing glacier front, including the calving of a massive 12.4 km2  section of the ice front in mid-August. These images will serve as an important archive of the history of this majestic glacier. It is reputed to have been an iceberg that calved off from where we are standing that sank the Titanic a century ago. 
 The Future  
I’m glad we took JacksGap to the Arctic to experience and document the effects of climate change. I feel inspired and invigorated by their youthful inquisitiveness, optimism and tenacity. They believe that they are the first generation to grow up with climate change and the last that can do anything about it. So working with them over the last 10 days has given me renewed hope that we can tackle climate change together. We already have much of the technology that we need to generate clean renewable energy and use it efficiently, and that will only improve with the innovation and design that Jack and Finns’ generation are driving forward. 
 Jack, Finn and Rod Downie, Arctic © WWF-UK  
If they see themselves as the first generation to grow up with climate change, that means that my generation owes them a massive debt. Yes – a sustainable planet for the future will depend upon them, but it also depends upon the political will and financial backing of my generation – it’s time to get real and to deliver ambitious targets and meaningful action to tackle climate change.

The house of Roberto Cavalli has long been known for a handful of signatures, regardless of the season: animal prints, flashy metallics, destroyed and/or blinged-out denim, exotic skins, sexy, skin-baring silhouettes and a powerful, rock 'n' roll attitude. (Not to mention the fine tailoring and ...
Continue reading

SCHUYLER DIXON, AP Sports Writer
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Tony Romo threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Jason Witten with 7 seconds left, and the Dallas Cowboys overcame three turnovers that led to easy New York points to beat the Giants 27-26 on Sunday night.

The Cowboys drove 72 yards in just 1:27 after forcing the Giants to settle for Josh Brown's fourth field goal when a touchdown would have sealed New York's first victory in an opener against Dallas. The Cowboys are 8-0 against New York in openers.

Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie returned a fumble 57 yards for a touchdown, and the Giants had to go just 1 yard for their other TD after Trumaine McBride's interception.

It was the fifth straight win for the defending NFC East champion Cowboys over their division rival.

Happy Saturday everyone! It's a gloomy day here but I love gloomy days AND I was able to spend a little time in my stamp room so I am a happy stamper! Today I have a little note card to share.  I stamped the sweet Red Rubber Designs Charming Gardens bird bath on this pretty 2 3/8 x 3 3/8 mini card then colored the image and added the pointillism technique.   The card will slip neatly into this fun fold envie. I hope you will stop by Red Rubber Designs store and take a look at this stamp set as well as new the new arrivals! Charming Gardens Fine Details: Score-Dies - Basics C 

Iker Casillas is part of the Champions League's history The Spanish goalkeeper is about to become the tournament's record appearance holder and has won it three times - all with Real Madrid Whatever he achieves with Porto in the continental competition from now on his legacy is already huge 

Whether Casillas is the greatest goalkeeper of his generation is another debate altogether Gianluigi Buffon has been a superb shot-stopper for both Juventus and Italy in the same era yet the 37-year-old has never won the Champions League In Europe Iker has the edge over his Italian contemporary Casillas' love story with the Champions League began in 2000 when he became Madrid's first-choice goalkeeper and played all the way through the competition making 12 appearances in Europe as Los Blancos won their eighth trophy by beating Valencia 3-0 in the final 

Two years later he was the hero Left on the bench by Vicente del Bosque for much of the season as Cesar Sanchez started - and impressed - for Madrid Casillas came on for the final against Bayer Leverkusen as his team-mate suffered an injury in Glasgow Iker made several important interventions to deny the German side as Real held on to claim their ninth European Cup crown 

"No one has as many Champions League titles or played as many games as Casillas" Cesar told Goal in an exclusive interview  "Reaching 152 Champions League games is another of the many impressive accomplishments he has achieved I was with him at Real Madrid and sensed that he would claim all these honours and privileges And I think the expectations have been confirmed and even exceeded both at Real Madrid and with the Spain national team given all his successes" 

The way Casillas emerged from the bench to save the day in that 2002 final and how he replaced Santiago Canizares as Spain's first-choice goalkeeper for the World Cup that same year - as a result of a freak injury to the Valencia man - led to talk of his good fortune and added to his legend status "He's always been a privileged boy" Cesar said "He always had something innate And he is able to perform at important moments He's also very intuitive he has great reflexes He deserves to have got where he has It is overwhelming At certain times he has been blamed for some things but we've all had our shortcomings" 

But Casillas was frozen out during Jose Mourinho's time at the Santiago Bernabeu after being dropped by the Portuguese who eventually grew to prefer Diego Lopez Just over two years on the two old rivals meet again on Tuesday as Porto play Chelsea at the Estadio do Dragao 

FULL STORY  A

After the fall-out with Mourinho Casillas was chosen for Copa del Rey and Champions League duties by Madrid's next coach Carlo Ancelotti - with Diego Lopez starting in La Liga 

And again it appeared that his luck was in as Madrid finished third in the Primera Division but claimed both the Copa and Champions League in a successful season for Los Blancos in 2013-14 

It almost ended in disaster though Iker's mistake in the Champions League final against Atletico cost his side a goal as Diego Godin headed in and it was so desperately close to being the winner until Sergio Ramos' late leveller saved the day Visibly grateful and emotional Casillas planted a kiss on the defender's forehead and an hour later he lifted the trophy as Madrid made it 10 titles in the competition La Decima 

The fans were still divided however and after losing out to Juventus and Buffon at the semi-final stage of the Champions League last season Casillas ended up leaving the club as Madrid moved - but ultimately failed - to sign David De Gea from Manchester United 

In only his second matches in the Champions League since leaving Real Casillas will now become the competition's all-time appearance holder with 152 games in the competition overtaking the 151 played by Barcelona legend Xavi who is winding down in Qatar after winning his fourth title with the Catalan club in June 

At 34 Casillas can continue for several seasons yet and is likely to set a record that may not be matched for generations - even if Porto are not usually among the main candidates to win the Champions League 

"Iker has something that's hard to find his work is translated into results" Cesar said "He is a goalkeeper who is a leader and will remain so for future generations His achievements will be matched by very few if by anyone at all" 

That is indeed the case and although Barcelona's Victor Valdes also has three titles in the continental competition no goalkeeper is more synonymous with the Champions League than Casillas Iker has etched his name into the tournament's folklore and there should still be more to come - starting against Mourinho on Tuesday

NEW DELHI: Fair trade regulator Competition Commission of India (CCI) is set to start the final hearings in the case involving US tech giant Google’s alleged abuse of dominant position. A preliminary report by the regulator indicated that Google had...

Bank of Marin Announces Winners of Annual Spirit of Marin Awards  
 
 Amy "G" of the San Francisco Giants to keynote September 25 community leadership event  
 
NOVATO, CA - (September 8, 2015) - Bank of Marin (NASDAQ: BMRC) has announced the winners of the 22nd Spirit of Marin Awards, one of the largest business events in the County and Bank of Marin's signature event.  The awards recognize the philanthropic leadership, volunteerism and success of Marin's businesses, business leaders and volunteers, as nominated by the Marin County Chambers of Commerce.  It will take place on Friday, September 25 from 11:30 am-1:30 pm at St. Vincent's School for Boys in San Rafael with local television personality and San Francisco Giants in-game reporter, Amy "G" Gutierrez as this year's featured speaker. 
 
"Spirit of Marin is a very special celebration that recognizes local leaders for their commitment to our local communities," said Russell A. Colombo, Bank of Marin President and CEO.  "We've been proud to partner with the Marin County Chambers for more than 20 years and are pleased to honor businesses and individuals who generously support and strengthen our communities through philanthropy, volunteerism and exemplary business practices." 
 
This year's winners are: 
• Corte Madera Chamber of Commerce - Christine Bohlke, Marin Convention and Visitors Bureau 
• Fairfax Chamber of Commerce - Sustainable Fairfax, Jennifer Hammond 
• Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of Marin - Jose Varela, Marin County Public Defender 
• Larkspur Chamber of Commerce - Andrea Schultz, Greenbrae Management, Inc. 
• Mill Valley Chamber of Commerce - Paula Reynolds, Mill Valley Chamber of Commerce 
• Novato Chamber of Commerce - Blake's Auto Body, Blake Andros 
• Novato Chamber of Commerce -  Pacheco Ranch Winery,  Herb and Deb Rowland 
• San Anselmo Chamber of Commerce - Danielle Dinnerman, D.R. Dinnerman Insurance Services 
• San Rafael Chamber of Commerce - Working Solutions, Laurie O'Hara 
• San Rafael Chamber of Commerce - San Rafael Pacifics,  Mike Shapiro 
• Sausalito Chamber of Commerce - Sally Calef-Gebron (posthumous), Genworth 
• Tiburon Peninsula Chamber of Commerce -  Joan Palmero 
• West Marin Chamber of Commerce - Katie Beacock, Seadrift Realty 
 
In addition to Amy "G" Gutierrez, this year's celebratory luncheon will feature entertainment by the Marin Girls Chorus.  Luncheon reservations are required and are $60 per person.  To make a reservation, go to: www.spiritofmarin.com or call 415.884.536

TORRANCE, Calif., Sept. 2, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Farmer Bros. Co. ( NASDAQ:FARM ) ("Farmer Brothers", or the "company"), a coffee roaster and distributor with a history of more than 100 years, has been invited to present at the 2015 Liolios Gateway Conference being held September 9-10, 2015 at the Four Seasons Hotel in San Francisco, CA. 

Mark Nelson, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Farmer Bros. Co. is scheduled to present on Thursday, September 10 at 1:00 p.m. Pacific time, with one-on-one meetings held throughout that day from 8:00 a.m. 
   
A copy of the presentation will also be available on the Investor Relations section of the Company's website at www.farmerbros.com at the time of the presentation. 

For more information about the conference or to schedule a one-on-one meeting with Farmer Brothers management, please email gateway@liolios.com . 

About the Gateway Conference 

The 4 th Annual Gateway Conference is an invite-only conference presented by Liolios, a comprehensive financial communications firm. Gateway was designed to bring together the most compelling companies with the nation's top institutional investors and analysts. This year's event features more than 90 companies from a number of growth industries, including technology, business and financial services, consumer, digital media, clean technology and life sciences. The format has been designed to give attendees direct access to senior management via company presentations, Q&A sessions and one-on-one meetings. For more information, visit www.gateway-conference.com or www.liolios.com . 

About Farmer Bros. Co. 

Founded in 1912, Farmer Bros. Co. is a manufacturer, wholesaler and distributor of coffee, tea and culinary products. The Company's customers are restaurants, hotels, casinos, offices, quick service restaurants ("QSRs"), convenience stores, healthcare facilities and other foodservice providers, as well as private brand retailers in the QSR, grocery, drugstore, restaurant, convenience store, and independent coffee house channels. The Company's product line includes roasted coffee, liquid coffee, coffee-related products such as coffee filters, sugar and creamers, assorted iced and hot teas, cappuccino, cocoa, spices, gelatins and puddings, soup bases, dressings, gravy and sauce mixes, pancake and biscuit mixes, and jellies and preserves. Headquartered in Torrance, Calif., Farmer Bros. Co. generated net sales of over $500 million in fiscal 2014 and has approximately 1,800 employees nationwide. The Company's primary brands include Farmer Brothers™, Artisan Collection by Farmer Brothers™, Superior®, Metropolitan™ , Cain's™ and McGarvey®. For more information, visit:  www.farmerbros.com . 
CONTACT: Farmer Bros. Co.
         Mark Nelson (310) 787-5241

Lying hypocrites beg for votes from the misinformed and unenlightened  

By John Kaminski 
 
http://renegadetribune.com/author/kaminski/ 
 
http://therebel.is/kaminski 
 
Anyone who runs for president of the United States must supervise the robbery and murder of innocent countries, promise to maintain the unjust slave system of the international bankers, and lie about everything that pertains to the safety of the American people, because there is no safety for anyone in these desperate times as long as Jewish controlled puppets continue to wreak havoc on the entire world. 
 
Among the hundreds of delusional demagogues who have run for president over the years, the most pathetic scene I ever witnessed personally was in the 2012 race when a large crowd of white-haired retirees gathered at Sarasota airport to enthusiastically welcome Minnesota Rep. Michelle Bachman, a pro-Israel shill who was later ridiculed for both her use of anti-depressants and her unflinching support for the international bankers who have deliberately sabotaged the American economy for more than a hundred years. 
 
They loved her because she told them what they wanted to hear, and what she told them and what they wanted to hear was nothing but a garbled rant about American supremacy and the necessity to pay down the debt before any other money was ever spent. Some of us know now that the debt can never be paid off, which is the essence of the Jewish swindle of the whole world. 
 
How could anybody with a brain have ever supported such a facile, drug-addled ignoramus as Bachman, who recently said the only way to avoid war with Iran is to bomb it? But it happens every election, with homicidal crazies urging war on the world to counter false flag threats that have been cynically engineered by the CIA and Mossad. Thanks to a war-mongering media run by the same money men who sell the weapons and commit the colossal crimes, Americans never learn. 
 
But just as scary as the bizarre also-rans of history is the list of the people who have actually won presidential elections. Consider in recent years the immoral Bill Clinton, who gave America’s jobs away; George Bush the Younger, who was so dim-witted he had to be left out of the plot to wreck the World Trade Center lest through his stupidity he accidentally revealed the secret Jewish plan; and Barack Obama, who has no verifiable history at all except a suspicious trail of dead homosexual friends and a wife with a male physiognomy. 
 
So I guess we shouldn’t be too surprised at the sudden emergence of megalomillionaire Donald Trump as the leader of this year’s pack. He has done what other early leaders have always done, told people exactly what they want to hear. 
 
The dark side of this autumn romance, however, is that he is exactly like all the other would-be tyrant candidates — a diehard supporter of Israel, a great believer in a strong military, and a solid supporter of all the financial chicanery that has mired America in its deteriorating economic quagmire. Perhaps Trump’s expertise in the art of bankruptcy will provide a timely skill for the nation’s current and deepening depression. 
 
But all of these observations are incidental. The facts on the ground are that none of the current candidates shows any indication of tempering the criminal policies of U.S. aggression against Israel’s enemies, or of addressing the intrinsically unfair policies of the Jewish central bankers who have fleeced America and the world since Woodrow Wilson promised to keep us out of World War I. 
 
All the candidates show not a whit of genuine concern for the American people, but only obedience to the Jewish financial powers that make their candidacies possible. 
 
Then again, it seems to make a weird kind of sense that the candidates don’t display any verifiable competence and the electorate is predominantly out to lunch. It’s a perfect match. Fake leaders for fake people. From this match made in hell, nothing but further catastrophe can result. 
 
••• 
 
Your life is a lie, and the lives of your children are lies, based upon what you have told them about the way the world works, and how their futures will unfold. 
 
You based your life on the lies you learned from your parents, received in school, and gleaned from the media and your friends, who have all been immersed in a sea of misinformation throughout their lives. 
 
But now the grim fairy tales you have erected to justify your exploitation of the less fortunate of the world are beginning to crumble. The word bounceback has never been more apropos. The law of karma inflicts its deadly reward in the mirrored reflex of savages mimicking the heartless interlopers who have plundered them, desperate savages who now overwhelm the countries that have exploited them in the past. 
 
Anything goes, and money is all that matters. And on that day when the money is worth nothing, the world will implode. 
 
Anything that can be saved can also be stolen, as today’s Europeans are learning at their peril. 
 
Europe and America are about to be overrun by hungry slaves. Nothing can stop them, especially since the government is helping displace its own loyal citizens in a plot too wrenchingly macabre to even begin to comprehend. 
 
How does it come to be that many of the refugees subjecting themselves to hardship and fleeing their war-torn homelands have thousands of dollars in their pockets, money which supposedly comes from American sources? How were these refugees able to pay the thousands of dollars for their precarious sea voyages from Turkey to some forlorn Mediterranean shore. 
 
Precious few of us are strong enough, at least when we’re young, to discern between the truth and the lie, between the stark unadorned reality that nonplusses us and the fanciful fairy tale that beguiles us. More importantly, the young fail to realize that what we do to others inevitably comes back to haunt us. 
 
So we get our news from the newspapers, or today the TV news, which, rather than being purveyors of the actual facts of the world, are rather the curators of the perpetual lies of the world, and in our reading of the news we become like those who have manipulated us always wanted us to become, namely, heartless killers, interested only in our own prospective fortunes. 
 
Forced to defend our lives and our property, we will fight. And the Jews will have won, deploying their police to quell the unreasonable unrest. 
 
The financial engine of the United States runs on killing people every day, which our candidates conveniently ignore as they prattle on about national security and the need to pay down a national debt that can never be repaid. 
 
We have been taught to believe so many false things put forth by our fake media that we can’t hope to even discern what a genuinely altruistic candidate would actually say. We have been so convinced of the necessity of the income tax and the inevitability of inflation that we can no longer grasp the reality that existed in America for more than a hundred years that neither of these parasitic practices existed, and for a century inflation did not occur. 
 
We listen to our doctors and the people in control of our children who swear on a stack of Bibles that what they’re doing is best for us, then react in tearful silence as our kids are returned to us at the end of the school day either half dead or totally deformed because of the medicines they were forced to take or the appalling lessons they were compelled to learn (like showing homosexual techniques to first graders to properly prepare them for molestation). 
 
The one essential gauge that will indicate America is on the road to realism will be that one landmark day when we finally decided to address the festering lie of the 9/11 coverup. Until that happens we will continue on the road to ruin until America and the human race will run out of time, which will happen when we run out of air, which will happen a lot sooner than everyone thinks. 
 
From here on out, no person who refuses to address and overturn the lies that were told on September 11, 2001 can ever be a legitimate president of the United States. All those running now are merely cardboard cutouts furnished by the kosher tyrants who control our lives. They are all guaranteed to do nothing to improve our lives, only to fleece us thoroughly before harvesting our organs. 
 
The savage rabble that now overruns the so-called civilized world only delivers the required cosmic payment for the mutilation of their innocence, the rape of their cultures, and theft of their precious possessions. They are here to return the favors. 
 
In a country that ignores hapless victims of gratuitous violence lying in the street bleeding, one should not expect a functional response to one’s own misery and pain. That no candidate can realistically promise relief from our misery further indicates that whatever our presidential hopefuls are saying is merely meaningless rhetoric from the insane asylum our society has become. 
 
Donald Trump is a specialist in bankruptcy and casinos, which tells us a lot about the future he would guide us toward. Owner of golf courses and beauty contests, his television show featured his ability to fire people in an insulting way. The bottom line is that he has even been fired as boss of his own casinos and the people who invested in those casinos have lost 99 percent of their investments, according to CNN. 
 
I think it’s a fair rule of thumb that to vote for Donald Trump — or for that matter any of the announced candidates — that you will lose 99 percent of your investment. 
 
Another loser trying to end her unemployment with a stint in the White House is Carly Fiorina, who was fired as president of Hewlett Packard after being labeled as one of the worst technology CEOs of all time. 
 
Then there’s Ben Carson, the vaunted neurosurgeon who advocates forced vaccinations despite the poisons in them. I’d mention the other Republican candidates but you could do better picking names at random out of the pages of a big city telephone book. 
 
Against this lineup of moribund Republicans, the Democrats counter with Bernie Sanders, an acknowledged Communist, and the old hag Hillary Clinton, who like so many other current American politicians, admittedly most of them Democrats, really ought to be serving life in prison for treason. 
 
Every one of these brittle personas have their own quaint fairy tales about what is wrong with the U.S. government, but like the people whose votes they pursue, they all fail to understand the words of the philosopher Jiddu Krishnamurti, who once said: 
 
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. 
 
To cast your vote for any one of these announced candidates is to reveal your own blind psychopathology for all to see, assuming there is anybody left who actually can see in this fetid swamp of fake people known as the American populace. 
 
John Kaminski is a writer who lives on the Gulf Coast of Florida, constantly trying to figure out why we are destroying ourselves, and pinpointing a corrupt belief system as the engine of our demise. Solely dependent on contributions from readers, please support his work by mail: 6871 Willow Creek Circle #103, North Port FL 34287 USA. 
 
http://renegadetribune.com/author/kaminski/ 
 
http://therebel.is/kaminski 
 
http://johnkaminski.info/ 
 
http://www.rudemacedon.ca/kaminski/kam-index.html 
 
http://web.archive.org/web/20040323232319/http://johnkaminski.com/ 
 
#

Brasília (AFP) - Brazil's Central Bank kept its key interest rate at 14.25 percent Wednesday, breaking with a string of seven consecutive hikes aimed at holding back soaring inflation.

The decision came as no surprise. A weekly Central Bank survey of 100 economists on Tuesday said that further raising the rate would not help Brazil's steep economic slowdown.

The bank said the decision Wednesday by its monetary policy committee was unanimous.

The panel based its decision on an analysis of Brazil's macroeconomic situation, prospects for inflation and its current risk outlook, the bank said.

The world's seventh biggest economy is in a recession predicted to extend through 2016 and previous rate rises have not prevented a steady rise in inflation to the current 12-year high of 9.56 percent.

The 14.25 percent interest rate is already one of the highest in big economies.

Analysts believe the high interest rate will gradually bring down price rises, but that a new hike could be risky.

The real has lost more than a quarter of its value against the US dollar this year and there are fears for Brazil's investment grade credit rating after the government on Monday presented a 2016 budget that for the first time projects operating in the red.

In addition to the macroeconomic troubles, Brazil is being shaken by a political crisis with President Dilma Rousseff facing calls for her impeachment.

When the IPC originally formed their Code of Practice was quite progressive. The Prankster compared them favourably to to BPA in this blog. No doubt this conrtibuted to the DVLA awarding them provisional ATA status.
Since then the BPA have made large steps to become fairer to the motorist. The IPC on the other hand, did a Jekyll and Hyde as soon as they were awarded full ATA status by the DVLA. Since then their appeals service has become a joke, serving up institutionally biased results with poor understanding of parking-related and consumer law. Operators are allowed to submit false evidence and the IPC turn a blind eye.
Code of Practice
The IPC's true colours have emerged with the release of the latest version of their code of practice. It is worth comparing point by point with the previous version to show what happens when a rogue ATA is allowed to change its code without input or control from government.
Initial Audit
4.1 Initial compliance upon application for IPC membership is assessed by way of an Initial Audit
which, will be followed by a period of ‘probationary membership’ for 6 months this is
detailed further in Schedule 4.
4.1 Upon application for IPC Membership, compliance will be assessed by way of an Initial
Audit during a period of ‘probationary membership’ for the first 6 months. This is
detailed further in Schedule 4.
The audit no longer takes place before the member joins, but up to six months afterwards. This means the member has up to six months to operate without audited signage contracts and correspondence templates. At least two court cases taken out by IPC members have failed because the operator could not show a valid contract with the landowner was in place.
Investigation of Complaints
4.4 The IPC will investigate and record any complaints against members in order to ensure
compliance.
4.4 The IPC may investigate and record any complaints against members in order to ensure
compliance.
Complaints are not now always investigated. The Prankster has informed the IPC of several of their operators who breach the code of conduct. The IPC has refused to investigate. This can be contrasted with the behaviour our the BPA. When The Prankster informed them that UK PC were forging timestamps the BPA were reluctant to believe their members could do such a thing, but still investigated anyway. The IPC, according to their actions, are happy for their members to get away with whatever dodgy practice they like.
ANPR accuracy
3.3 ANPR equipment must be maintained and calibrated appropriately to ensure accuracy so as
to ensure that keeper data is not applied for without proper grounds for doing so. Where
there are manufacturer’s guidelines for the maintenance of equipment then this should be
followed.
The requirement to have accurate ANPR has been removed.
Sub Contractors
4.3 If you use sub-contractors or self-ticketing operators then you must ensure that they are
familiar with this code and obtain signed confirmation by them to this effect. You must
ensure that such confirmation is made available to the IPC during any audit or upon request.
The requirement for sub contractors to be familiar with the code has been removed.
Data Protection
5.2 Where required to do so you must provide the IPC with any such records in order that we
may monitor compliance with the Code and any applicable laws.
5.3 Failure to provide any such document(s) within 14 days will be treated as an issue of noncompliance under the Sanctions scheme.
The requirement to allow data protection compliance to be checked has been removed.
Internal Appeals
6.1.d) Allow recipients of a parking charge notice the ability to make representations to you
regarding the issue of the charge.
6.1.d) Allow recipients of a parking charge the ability to make representations to
you regarding the issue of the charge.
It is believed this change is so that operators do not have to allow keepers the right to appeal. This is analysed later.
Changes in terms and conditions
9.1 Where there is any change in the terms and conditions that materially affects the motorist
then you should make these clear on your signage. Where such changes impose liability
where none previously existed then you should consider a grace period to allow regular
visitors to the site to adjust and familiarise themselves with the changes. It is suggested that
a grace period of one month is appropriate and that during this period you should identify
vehicles that would have incurred charges under the new system where they wouldn’t have
previously and inform the driver by notice affixed to the vehicle that in future they will incur
a charge. Vehicles that return having previously had notice of these charges can then be
ticketed in the normal way at your discretion. More guidance on signage is found in
Schedule 1.
This protection has been removed.
Warning and court letters
15. Final Warning Letters
15.1 Where the charge remains unpaid and no appeal is lodged you may send a final
warning letter.
15.2 You must make it clear in the final warning what you will do next if payment is not
received and how payment can be made.
15.3 A final warning letter should not be sent until 14 days have passed since the
notification letter.
16. Court Action or Charge Recovery
16.1 When a final warning has been sent you must wait a further 14 days before you take
further action such as debt recovery or court action.
This requirement has been removed
Grace Periods
17.1 Drivers should be allowed a sufficient amount of time in order to park and read any
signs in order that they may make an informed decision as to whether or not to remain on
the site before any enforcement action is taken by you or your agents.
15.1 Drivers should be allowed a sufficient amount of time to park and read any signs so
they may make an informed decision as to whether or not to remain on the site.
Enforcement action can begin during the grace period.
Notice to Keeper
6.4 The keeper must be told that the process of appealing within your internal appeals process
and the IAS.
The requirement to allow keepers to be able to appeal has been removed. If a keeper appeals a notice to driver, they get this reply:
Later on, when the notice to keeper arrives, the right to appeal is no longer present.
The right of a keeper to appeal is a fundamental protection. It was a clear condition of government that the motorists should have access as a condition of the Protection of Freedoms Act Schedule 4 going live. The Prankster believes that ATA status should be removed from the IPC until the right for keepers to appeal has been restored.
Entrance Signs
Signs must, where practicable, be placed at the entrance to a site.
Signs should, where practicable, be placed at the entrance to a site.
Entrance signage is no longer mandatory. A large number of IPC members do not bother with entrance signage. Standardised entrance signage is an important part of car park management, alerting motorists that terms and conditions apply and so they must look out for further signs. Doing away with this requirement boosts parking charge numbers and increases revenue for operators.
This is another huge retrograde step by the IPC, and shows their intention is not to provide a true car park management service, but to catch motorists out in order to make more money for their members.
Standard Wording
You should endeavour to use the following standard wording on your entrance signs. You should
include a minimum of one phrase from Group A (but no more than 3). Group A text should be before
and more prominent than the Group B text. The signs must direct motorists to the more detailed
signs which display the full terms and conditions. This is important as it is these terms and conditions
that will provide the legal foundation to any charge.
Group A
Pay and display [free for blue badge holders]
[x minutes/hours] free parking [for customers only]
Pay on exit
Pay [on foot/at machine] when leaving
Parking for [business name] customers only
Permit Holders Only
Group B
Charges apply [after this]
Private land
Terms and Conditions Apply
See the notice[s] [in car park] for conditions
This requirement has been removed. The use of standard wording helps motorists.
Text Size
The height of the capital letters in the text from Group A will be dependent on the anticipated
approach speed of traffic. You should have reference to the table below in calculating the text size.
Group B text should be at least 50% of the size of Group A text. All other text should be smaller than
50% of the text from Group A. The name of the site and a welcome message can also be displayed
on the sign but should not detract from the prevalence of the Group A and Group B text.
The sign must be readable from far enough away so that drivers can read all of the Group A and
Group B text without needing to look more than 10 degrees away from the road ahead. Any text on
the sign which is not intended to be read from a moving vehicle can be of a much smaller size.
The size of text on a sign will be determined by a number of factors such as the position of it,
to whom it is aimed and the information that it needs to convey. Text should be of such a size
and in a font that can be easily read by a motorist having regard to the likely position of the
motorist in relation to the sign.
The definition of text size has been removed so that members can use whatever size they like. Large numbers of IPC signs have tiny fonts containing onerous terms and conditions. Allowing their members to hide conditions like this boosts revenue at the expense of motorists.
One of the IPC's biggest customers is Excel Parking/Vehicle Control Services whose signs routinely fail these requirements. At one of their biggest money spinners, Liverpool Airport, the font size is 30mm instead of the previously required 120mm. It is of course, unreadable from a moving vehicle.
Upsetting Excel would be a bad move for the IPC so it is a reasonable guess that this change was a result of a request by them.
Signage in the Dark
If parking enforcement takes place outside of daylight hours, the sign itself is not illuminated or
there is not sufficient ambient lighting, it should be made of retro-reflective material meeting BS EN 12899-1:2007 class RA2 or higher (BS EN 12899-6:2012 class P3 or higher). Dark-coloured areas need not be reflective. You need to ensure that all signs are readable during the hours of enforcement as they form the legal basis of any charge. If signs cannot be read then resulting charges that depend upon their content will not be enforceable.
If parking enforcement takes place outside of daylight hours you should ensure that signs are
illuminated or there is sufficient other lighting. You will need to ensure all signs are readable
during the hours of enforcement as they form the legal basis of any charge.
The requirement to conform to standards has been removed. The pesky condition that unreadable signs cannot be enforced has been removed.
Repeater Signs
You are required to provide a sufficient number of signs on each site commensurate with its size and
other characteristics to ensure that motorists can be under no doubt as to the fact that parking
restrictions exist.
You are required to provide a sufficient number of signs on each site commensurate with its
size and other characteristics to ensure that any parking conditions are adequately brought to
the attention of the motorist.
The requirements for repeater signs have been relaxed.
Other Signs
6) Contain text that is appropriate to the position of the sign and the relative position of the
person who it is aimed at. So, if a sign is at an entrance of a site and the vehicle is likely to be
moving, it must be sufficiently large so as to be clear from within the vehicle having regard
to the likely speed that the vehicle will be travelling at that point.
6) Contain text appropriate to the position of the sign and the relative position of
the person who it is aimed at.
These safeguards have been weakened.
Changes in Operator’s Terms and Conditions
Where there is any change in the terms and conditions that materially affect the motorist then you
should place additional (temporary) signage at the entrance making it clear that new terms and
conditions/charges apply. The signage should be in addition to the signage ordinarily required.
Where there is any change in the terms and conditions materially affecting the motorist you
may place additional (temporary) signage at the entrance making it clear that new terms and
conditions/charges apply, such that regular visitors who may be familiar with the old terms
do not inadvertently incur parking charges. This signage should be in addition to the signage
ordinarily required.
The requirement has been weakened.
Sanctions
Using Predatory Tactics 8-12
Using Predatory Tactics 6-12
Sanction Points have been watered down
Audit
Where an operator has more than 60% of their Parking Charge Notices dismissed on appeal within a
rolling 3 month period, the IPC will investigate the operator and their practices to identify any areas
of non-compliance and will report to the parking operator on their findings. The IPC will usually
endeavour to work with the operator in resolving any compliance issues. The IPC may, whether or
not it assists in resolving issues with the operator, invoke compliance measures where appropriate.
Each year the IPC will randomly select 20-50 Parking Charge Notices issued by an operator to check with compliance with the relevant legislation and the Code of Practice.
Where an operator has more than 60% of their parking charges cancelled on appeal to the IAS
within a rolling 3 month period, the IPC may investigate the operator and their practices to
identify any recurring areas of non-compliance and will report to the parking operator on their
findings. The IPC will usually endeavour to work with the operator in resolving any compliance
issues. The IPC may, whether or not it assists in resolving issues with the operator, invoke
compliance measures where appropriate.
The requirements have been weakened.
Parking Charges
However, if the motorist uses the land other than in accordance with the terms and conditions then
they agree to pay a fixed fee by way of damages to the operator. This is based on a genuine preestimate of loss that flows from the breach of contract by acting otherwise than in accordance with the terms of the agreement the motorist entered into when deciding to park.
All parking charges must be reasonable.
However, if the motorist uses the land in breach of the terms and conditions they thereby agree to pay a fixed fee by way of damages to the operator.
All parking charges must have good legal foundation
The requirement to be a genuine preestimate of loss has been removed. Parking charges noi longer need to be reasonable.
Conclusion
It is obvious that every change has been made to the detriment of the motorist and without good reason. This is what happens when the DVLA allows a rogue ATA to have full control of its code of practice. The Prankster therefore backs the BPA's call for a single industry-wide code of practice, maintained by an independent body.
Until the IPC gets its house in order and reverts back to a fair code of practice, restoring at least signage requirements, and the ability for keepers to appeal, the DVLA should suspend its ATA status.
Happy Parking
The Parking Prankster

Blue chip miners share prices plummeted as soon as the Australian market opened after a horror night for resources stocks on the London exchange, as analysts warn it is particularly vulnerable to China's slowing growth and prices slump. Blue chip miners share prices plummeted as soon as the Australian market opened after a horror night for resources stocks on the London exchange, as analysts warn it is particularly vulnerable to China's slowing growth and prices slump. In early trade, BHP Billiton shares are down 3 per cent to $23.12 and Rio Tinto 2 per cent to $48.24.

The losses continue the declining trend this year in line with commodity prices. Rio Tinto has lost 14.9 per cent and BHP 22.7 per cent since January, and 5 per cent this month alone.

The decline could see BHP tumble below the year-low of $22.84 reached in August. A fall below this price would see it reach a new seven-year low.

Overnight, BHP Billiton lost 5.1 per cent and Rio Tinto fell 3.2 per cent in London.

The falls come amid as global markets face the inevitable slowdown of the Chinese economy and its demand for industrial metals. On Tuesday the Asian Development Bank lowered its growth expectations for China.

Ratings agency Moody's described the resources sector as the most exposed to China's slowing growth, a call underscored by Credit Suisse, which cut its Chinese forecasts for demand.

"Much of this is a catch-up to current conditions, which remain highly uncertain, but until China demand and emerging market currencies find a floor, it will remain challenging to put an absolute floor on commodity prices," Credit Suisse research analyst Liam Fitzpatrick told The Financial Times.

In June, RBC Capital revised its ratings for BHP Billiton to underperform but maintained Rio Tinto at "neutral" and South32 at "outperform". South32 dropped 1.2 per cent on the London exchange over night.

At the time, EIM Capital's John Robertson warned BHP's had long been overvalued and that he expected it to continue to fall.

"BHP's value proposition has always been overestimated. It was in almost every fund, individual and institutional, and this demand saved it from the reckoning when the sector repriced, but now its day has come," Mr Robertson said.

On Wednesday, the company announced an upcoming vote that could see Australian shareholders sacrifice some of the company's franking credits to ensure it can meet its dividend requirements to UK shareholders. The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

The Cleveland Cavaliers and restricted free agent Tristan Thompson are still at an impasse on a new contract with training camp starting this week. 

Thompson missed the team's media day on Monday. 

The Cavs did not accept Thompson's most recent offer of a three-year maximum contract that his side proposed last week, according to ESPN.com. Thompson likely will miss the start of practice on Tuesday. 
 
"We love Tristan Thompson and we want him to be part of our future," general manager David Griffin said Monday. "I think everything in our actions and our offer indicate that. ... We're excited about moving forward with him into the future in whatever form that may take. 

"There's nothing lost by what Tristan is doing in this process. This is his right to do this. This system works for a reason." 

The 6-foot-10 Thompson has until Thursday to accept the Cavs' one-year qualifying offer of $6.9 million to become an unrestricted free agent next year if no deal is reached. 

The Cavs have made different offers over the summer, going as high as $16 million in an average annual salary, according to ESPN. Thompson wants a three-year, $53 million max contract or a five-year deal for $94 million. 

The 24-year-old Thompson averaged 8.5 points and 8.0 rebounds during the 2014-15 regular season when he was the Cavs' sixth man. After Kevin Love was injured in the first round of the playoffs, Thompson started at power forward. In the NBA Finals against the Golden State Warriors, he averaged 11.6 points and 12.6 rebounds. 

Cavs star LeBron James was asked about Thompson's situation at the team's media day. 

"As the leader of this team, I understand how important Tristan is to this team," James said Monday. "I think we all saw what he's able to do in the postseason, and not only the postseason but all throughout. ... He's a huge piece to the puzzle, to our success. Not having him here today, possibly tomorrow or however long it is, that the organization and Tristan, they'll get something done. We all know how important he is to our success."

You’ll always save the most money by purchasing each store’s “loss leaders” and conveniently avoiding the rest. Here are the best prices in town this week – these are the items you’ll want to stock up on and plan future meals around to keep your spending low. 
 
For more details on these items, click on the store name under “ Store Matchups ” on the navigation tab above. You may need COUPONS to purchase many of the grocery items at these prices. This post simply serves as a reminder for some of the best deals you can get this week! 
 BEST GROCERY DEALS THIS WEEK  
  Kid Fresh Entrees 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
  Starbucks Iced Coffee , 11 oz 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
  Jell-O Pudding, Gelatin, Mousse or Temptations , 4 pk 
Meijer (through Saturday) or $0.67 at Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.24 Resource Water , 1 liter 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.25 Tetley Iced Tea Blend , 24 ct 
Kroger (through Sep 27) 
 
$0.29 Yoplait Yogurt Cups , 6 oz 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.29 So Delicious Dairy Free Yogurt 
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.32-$0.40 Shedd’s Spread Country Crock , 15 oz 
Meijer (through Aug 23) 
 
$0.39 Lance Cracker Quick Starts 
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.39 Crystal Light Drink Mix, On the Go or Pure 
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
 
$0.44 Snyder’s Pretzel Pieces 
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.45 Silk Dairy Free Yogurt 
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.45-$0.80 Horizon Mac n Cheese , select varieties 
Kroger (through Aug 23) or $0.70 at Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.49 Gatorade, 32 oz or Propel, 24 oz 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.49 Aunt Millie’s Homestyle Bread 
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.49 Pillsbury Crescent Rolls , 4 ct 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.50 Betty Crocker Box Potatoes 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 

 
$0.50 Turkey Hill Pure & Chilled Iced Tea , 57.6 oz 
Kroger (through Sep 29) 
 
$0.50 Melt Organic Spread, 13 oz 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.50 Chobani Tubes Yogurt , 8 ct 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.50 Mueller’s Pasta , 8-16 oz 
VG’s (through Saturday) 
 
$0.69 Barilla Oven Ready Lasagna , 255 grams 
Randazzo (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.74 Galbani Fresca Mozzarella Cheese , 8 oz 
Kroger (through Tuesday) or $1.25 at Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.75 7 Up Brand Soda , 2 liter + deposit 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.75 Nestle Pure Life Exotic Sparkling Water, 8 pack + deposit 
Meijer (through Aug 22) 
 
$0.79 Betty Crocker Cake Mix 
 Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.79 Kraft Philadelphia Cream Cheese , 7-8 oz brick or tub 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.99 Challenge Cream Cheese , 8 oz 
Kroger (through Oct 11) 
 
$0.99 Barilla Pasta Sauce 
Meijer (through Sep 30) 
 
$1.00 Kroger Cinnamon or Crescent Rolls , 8 ct or Biscuits 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$1.00 Vlasic Bold & Spicy Pickles 
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$1.00 Land O Lakes Spreadable Butter , 7 oz 
Meijer (through Aug 30) 
 
$1.44 Barilla Gluten Free Pasta 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$1.49 Kraft American Singles or Velveeta Slices , 16 ct 
Kroger (through Tuesday) or $1.69 at Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$1.49 Planters Peanuts , 10-16 oz 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$1.49 Act II Popcorn , 6 pack 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$1.50 Nature Valley or Fiber One Bars 
 Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
 
$1.50 Ice Mountain Sparkling Water, 6 pack + deposit 
Meijer (through Sep 6) 
 
$1.75 Stonyfield Organic Yogurt , 32 oz tub 
Meijer (through Sep 6) 
 
$1.99 Udi’s Buns 
Meijer (thru Sep 13) 
 
$1.99 Maxwell House Ground Coffee , 10.5-11.5 oz 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$1.99 International Delight Pumpkin Delight Creamer , 32 oz 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$1.99 Coffee-Mate Creamer , 32 oz 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$1.99 Coca-Cola Brand Soda , 6 pack bottles + deposit 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$1.99 Doritos , 9.5-11.5 oz 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$1.99 Spartan White Milk , gallon 
VG’s (through Saturday) 
 
$1.99 Absopure Nature Spring Water , 24 pk 16.9 oz bottles 
Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) 
 
$2.00 Quorn Meat-Free Soy-Free frozen products 
Meijer (through Aug 30) 
 
$2.29 Kraft String Cheese , 9-12 oz 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$2.99 Seattle’s Best Coffee , 12 oz 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$3.50 Frigo String Cheese , 16 oz 
Kroger (through Sep 8) 
 
$7.29 Comforts Powder Baby Formula 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 BEST PRODUCE DEALS THIS WEEK  
$0.20 Michigan Sweet Bi-Color Corn , each 
Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) or $0.30 at Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.25 Cucumbers , each 
Aldi (through Saturday) or Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) 
 
$0.25 Earthbound Farm Baby Carrots , 16 oz 
Meijer (through Saturday) or $0.69/$0.99 organic at Aldi (through Saturday) 
 
 $0.33 Michigan Green Peppers or Bunch of Green Onions 
Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) 
 
$0.39 /lb Bananas 
Aldi (through Saturday) or Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) 
 
$0.39 /lb Michigan Roma Tomatoes 
Randazzo (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.50 Raspberries , 6 oz 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.59 Avocados , each 
Aldi (through Saturday) 
 
$0.69 Whole White Mushrooms , 8 oz pkg 
Recipe: Simple Chicken Marsala 
 Aldi (through Saturday) 
 
 $0.69 /lb Michigan Italian Plums 
Randazzo (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.79 Red Onions , 2 lb bag 
Aldi (through Saturday) 
 
$0.79 Tomatoes on the Vine , 16 oz pkg 
Aldi (through Saturday) 
 
$0.88 Black, Red or Green Grapes 
Meijer (through Saturday) or $1.89 for 2 lb pkg at Aldi (through Saturday) or $0.99/lb at VG’s (through Saturday) 
 
$0.88 /lb Green Beans 
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
 $0.89 /lb Southern Peaches 
Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) or $0.99/lb for Red Haven Peaches at Randazzo (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.99 Cantaloupe or Personal Watermelon , each 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.99 Round White Potatoes , 5 lb bag 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
 $0.99 /lb Small Gala Apples 
Nino Salvaggio (through Tuesday) 
 
 $1.00 Michigan Grape Tomatoes , pint 
Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) 
 
$1.00 Dole Salad Mixes – Classic Coleslaw, Iceberg or Romaine or Greener Select , 10-14 oz 
Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) 
 
$1.19 Multi-Colored Peppers , 2 pk 
Aldi (through Saturday) 
 BEST MEAT & DELI DEALS THIS WEEK  
$0.99/lb Whole Pork Butt , limit 2 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$1.79 /lb Boneless Skinless Chicken Breast, family pack 
Meijer (through Saturday) or $1.97/lb at Randazzo (through Tuesday) 
 
 $2.99 /lb Sausage Sale – Breakfast, Bulk, Sicilian, Fontinella, Wine & Cheese, Chicken or Pork 
Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) 
 
 $2.99 /lb Baby Back Ribs , 3 pack (lesser quantities $3.99/lb) 
Nino Salvaggio (through Tuesday) 
 
 $5.99 /lb Boneless Top Sirloin Steaks 
Nino Salvaggio or Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$1.50 McCormick Smoked Sausage 14 oz 
Meijer (through Saturday) or $2.00 at VG’s (through Saturday) 
 
$2.49 Smithfield Bacon , 16 oz 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$3.99 Gold Leaf Chicken Leg Quarters , 10 lb bag ($0.40/lb) 
Meijer (through Saturday) or $0.49/lb at Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) 
 
________________ 
 
$2.99 Wisconsin Muenster or Mild Cheddar Cheese , chunk only 
Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) 
 
 $3.99 /lb Sahlen’s Old Fashioned Smokehouse Ham 
Vince & Joe’s (through Sunday) or Nino Salvaggio (through Tuesday) 
 
 $3.99 /lb Odyssey Feta Cheese 
Nino Salvaggio (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.25 Carl Buddig Thin Sliced Lunch Meat , select varieties, 2 oz 
VG’s (through Saturday) 
 
$1.50 Oscar Mayer Lunchables w/ Drink 
 Kroger (through Sep 29) 
 BEST HOUSEHOLD DEALS THIS WEEK  
  Tena Liners , select varieties 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
  Reach Mint Waxed Floss , 55 yd 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
  Balance Bars 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
  Stayfree Ultra Thin Pads , 18 ct 
Target (through Saturday) 
 
$0.09 Oral B Cavity Defense Toothbrush , single 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.19 Bic Silky Touch or Twin Select Disposable Razors , 10 ct 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.37 Bounty Basic Paper Towels , single roll 
Target (through Saturday) 
 
$0.38 Alberto VO5 Shampoo or Conditioner , 12.5 oz 
Meijer (through Aug 30) 
 
$0.49 Nivea Shave Cream or Foam 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.50 Scotch-Brite Sponges , select varieties 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$0.67 Stayfree Pads 
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.75 Band-Aid Products 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.80 Ziploc Storage Containers 2-8 ct or Easy Slider Bags 10-15 ct freezer or 15-20 ct storage 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$0.99 Noxzema Triple Blade Disposable Razors 
Kroger (through Tuesday) 
 
$1.04 Schick Exteme 3 Sensitive Disposable Razors  
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$1.24 Mitchum Deodorant 
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$2.50 Clorox Toilet Wand Starter Kit and Caddy or Refills 
 Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$2.99 Meijer Dishwasher Tabs , 32 ct 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$4.19 Libman Wonder Mop 
Meijer (through Saturday) 
 
$18.24 up & up Baby Diapers , giant pack (144 ct size 4 pictured) 
Target (through Saturday) 
 Visit each store’s matchups to find details!  
The post Best Prices in Town: Week of August 16, 2015 appeared first on Bargains to Bounty . If you are seeing this in another feed or site, it has been stolen. Please contact nicole .

Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. saw its stock plummet this week after it reported second-quarter financial results that, despite a 5.6 percent increase in revenue, did not meet earnings expectations.

Lower-than-anticipated sales of packaged food products played a key role in Krispy Kreme (NYSE: KKD) adjusting its financial outlook. The Winston-Salem-based company now expects full-year earnings of 76 cents to 80 cents per share, lower than the 80 cents to 85 cents it projected earlier. In…

European stock markets recovered their poise Tuesday despite an earlier rout in Asia which featured a 4 percent slide in Japan's main index. 

KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Germany's DAX rose 0.2 percent to 9,504 while the CAC-40 in France was steady at 4,357. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares underperformed its main European counterparts, trading 0.5 percent lower at 5,929. U.S. stocks were poised for a solid opening with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures up 0.5 percent. 

SOUR COCKTAIL: Over recent days, worries over China have resurfaced, not least in the impact the slowdown in the world's number 2 is having on commodity prices, many of which have fallen to multiyear lows. On Monday, commodities group Glencore saw its share price tank by around a third amid concerns over its ability to service its debts if commodity prices don't rise. The fallout from Volkswagen's emissions rigging scandal also remains with investors unsure of the impact on the industry. Fed officials, meanwhile, continue to signal they will raise U.S. interest rates this year, marking the beginning of the end of ultra-low interest rates that have underpinned stock markets. 

ANALYST TAKE: "At the risk of saying 'It's that time of year,' bearing in mind the timing of historical equity market crashes in September or October, there is no doubt that a confluence of events is unsettling investors," said Neil MacKinnon, global macro strategist at VTB Capital. 

GLENCORE BOUNCE: One of the reasons why the market mood has improved is that Glencore has seen its share price bounce back 6 percent from Monday's hammering. On Tuesday, analysts at Citibank said the fall in Glencore's share price — about 80 percent from its high in May — has been "overdone" and suggested the company could raise more money from the sale of investments than the $2 billion it has penciled in. Citibank analysts also said Glencore management could consider taking the company back into private hands. 

ASIA'S DAY: The calmer backdrop in Europe was not anticipated after the earlier rout in Asia, which followed Monday's big down day on Wall Street. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 dropped 4.1 percent to 16,930.84 while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 declined 3.8 percent to 4,918.40. Hong Kong's Hang Seng ended down 3.0 percent at 20,556.60 while the Shanghai Composite in mainland China shed 2.0 percent to close at 3,038.14. 

ENERGY: Benchmark crude rose 47 cents to $44.90 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent Crude, a benchmark for international oils, was up 53 cents to $47.87. 

CURRENCIES: The euro was down 0.2 percent at $1.1225 while the dollar fell 0.1 percent to 119.83 yen.

"What needs to be done to reduce record levels of youth unemployment, and how can we ensure that the young are equipped for the world of work?" That was the question we asked ourselves this week, when 15 young people from the North East came to Brussels to hear what the European Parliament and Commission are doing to support their generation. 

'Youth Unemployment: What needs to be done?' was an ambitious initiative led by myself and two colleagues from the Socialists and Democrats group in the European Parliament, Miapetra Kumpula-Natri MEP from Finland and Eva Kaili MEP from Greece. With a fifth of young people currently out of work in Europe and rates as high as over 50% in Greece, Spain and Italy, youth unemployment is the most pressing challenge facing young people today, and improving the lives and prospects of the young is increasingly high on the agenda for the European Parliament and Commission. It is with this goal in mind that a 45-strong group of 18-25 year olds from the UK, Finland and Greece were invited to Brussels on Tuesday 15 September. 

But this was not an occasion for European policymakers simply to congratulate themselves on their successes thus far, or to provide lectures on the core initiatives aimed at improving young people's lives and job prospects. Central to our aims was to hear the first-hand experience of young people from three countries, each with very different struggles and successes: presentations on long-term youth unemployment, precarious work and youth entrepreneurship, led by Greece, the UK and Finland respectively, formed the backbone of our afternoon's discussions, providing much needed clarity to the challenges that lie ahead. 

While youth unemployment is relatively stable and in general only temporary in Finland - hailed as the beacon for the implementation of the now Europe-wide Youth Guarantee - the UK government continues to refuse to implement a British equivalent, despite calls to the contrary from the European Commission, House of Lords , trade unions and civil society organisations. Yet under 25s in the UK are now more than three times more likely to be out of work than older generations, with more than a third subjected to the now infamous 'zero-hours' contracts plighting the lives of so many struggling to make ends meet. And the desperate situation facing young Greeks, as their country attempts to rebuild from the rubble of an ongoing economic crisis, is by now a familiar tale. The young in Greece have been the most adversely affected by the economic crisis in Europe: youth unemployment was at 50.1% in January this year, while one third of Greek youths are out of work for more than a year. It was a great privilege to be able to bring together young people from these three corners of today's EU, and to hear the lived experience behind the statistics. 

Clearly our work is far from done, however unfortunately it is an all-too rare sight to witness a discussion between a large group of young Europeans and experts from the Commission, European Parliament, trade unions and pan-European youth organisations. So much of European legislation has a top-down approach that fails to involve the very people whose lives it will affect. This is no more so the case than when it comes to the young. 

We want this to change, and will turn our words into actions: as such, the views of our young participants will be collated into a report that will be submitted to the Parliamentary committee on Employment and Social Affairs and the European Commission. As MEP for the region worst affected by youth unemployment in the country , I consider it my responsibility to make sure these voices are heard by the people that can make a real difference: last Tuesday was simply the start of that process. 


Jude Kirton-Darling is Labour MEP for the North East of England

* Asian shares edge up tad, eye on China trade data 

					 
China FX reserves highlight China capital outflows 

					 
* Emerging currencies with limited FX reserves under pressure 

					 
By Hideyuki Sano 

					 
TOKYO, Sept 8 (Reuters) - Asian shares edged higher on Tuesday and U.S. stock futures jumped following the lead of European stocks overnight, but investors were cautious ahead of China data which could give more clues on the health of the world's second-largest economy. 

					 
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.1 percent in early trade but is still down 0.9 percent so far this week and is not far from a three-year low hit two weeks ago. 

					 
U.S. stock futures jumped almost 1 percent after a market holiday on Monday, erasing a large part of gains made after Friday's mixed U.S. employment report. 

					 
Japan's Nikkei rose 0.1 percent, extending its rebound from a seven-month low hit early on Monday. 

					 
European stocks rose on Monday, lifted by mining and commodities giant Glencore after it pledged to slash its debt by a third. 

					 
Still, investors will be glued to China trade data at 0200 GMT, which is expected to show a further contraction in both imports and exports in August. 

					 
Chinese shares fell on Monday after a long weekend with tighter futures trading rules and supportive comments by China's central bank governor failing to stem selling pressure. 

					 
Also highlighting the sheer size of Beijing's market intervention to halt a slide in the yuan, China's foreign exchange reserves posted their biggest monthly fall on record, $94 billion, in August, data showed on Monday. 

					 
The drop revived concerns that the government may have to let the currency weaken further after its surprise devaluation in mid-August, adding to pressure on other emerging market currencies. 

					 
"The fall was larger than market expectations... Coupled with other data, it shows that the Chinese authorities have been intervening to support the yuan as capital outflow continues," said Shin Kadota, chief FX strategist at Barclays in Tokyo. 

					 
On Monday, Malaysia's ringgit plumbed fresh 17-year lows while the South African rand slipped to a record low, both under pressure because of relatively limited foreign currency reserves. 

					 
With U.S. financial markets shut for holiday on Monday, the dollar moved little against major currencies. 

					 
The dollar index stood at 96.206, little changed from late last week. 

					 
Against the yen, the dollar ticked up slightly to 119.45 yen , still half-way in recovering its losses on Friday. The euro stood little changed at $1.1159. 

					 
Oil prices fell more than 3 percent on Monday, as the fall in Chinese share prices and record North Sea crude production added to global supply concerns. 

					 
Brent crude futures rose 0.9 percent to $48.02 after a 3.7 percent fall on Monday. They still traded below the 50 percent retracement of their rally late August to $54.32 from 1/2-year low of $42.23. 

					 
(Reporting by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Eric Meijer & Kim Coghill)

HONOLULU – Kama Pascua scored in the 95th minute to lift the University of Hawai'i Rainbow Wahine soccer team to its first win, a 1-0 overtime victory over Denver and with it the Outrigger Resorts No Ka 'Oi title.

I extended RavenPlus to support Google OAuth2 authentication for Blogger/Blogspot with the help of the Google API Client Library for Python version 1.2. Out of the box, this library does not support Python version 2.4, the version in which RavenPlus (and Raven) was built. Below are the modifications, in RED, that I have made to this library to get it working with version 2.4 of Python. Do take note that I did not use the following modules in this library in RavenPlus - thus I am not sure if they will choke when running under Python version 2.4: apiclient\sample_tools.py apiclient\channel.py oauth2client\appengine.py oauth2client\django_orm.py oauth2client\gce.py oauth2client\keyring_storage.py oauth2client\locked_file.py oauth2client\multistore_file.py oauth2client\xsrfutil.py oauth2client\client.py At line 226: # # ChuahTC Date: 6-6-2015 - Fix for Python 2.4. # From: https://code.google.com/p/paver/issues/detail?id=28 # m = __import__(module, fromlist=module.split('.')[:-1]) m = __import__(module, globals(), locals(), module.split('.')[:-1]) # apiclient\discovery.py At line 31: # # Chuah TC 30-5-2015 # from email.mime.multipart import MIMEMultipart # from email.mime.nonmultipart import MIMENonMultipart # from email.MIMEMultipart import MIMEMultipart from email.MIMENonMultipart import MIMENonMultipart # apiclient\http.py At line 40: # Chuah TC 30-5-2015 # from email.generator import Generator # from email.mime.multipart import MIMEMultipart # from email.mime.nonmultipart import MIMENonMultipart # from email.parser import FeedParser # from email.Generator import Generator from email.MIMEMultipart import MIMEMultipart from email.MIMENonMultipart import MIMENonMultipart from email.Parser import FeedParser #

New Pharmaceuticals research report from GlobalData is now available from Fast Market Research 
     
PR-Inside.com: 2015-09-30 15:22:56 
Ardea Biosciences, Inc. (Ardea) is a biotechnology company. It focuses on the development of small molecules as novel therapeutics for the treatment of gout and cancer. The company's product portfolio includes three pipeline products, namely, Lesinurad, RDEA 3170 and Bay 86-9766. Lesinurad and RDEA 3170 are currently in Phase-III and Phase-II clinical trials respectively, being developed as a treatment for gout. Bay 86-966 is a Phase-II clinical candidate being developed as a treatment for cancer in a global licensing agreement with Bayer. The company operates as a subsidiary of AstraZeneca PLC. Ardea is headquartered in San Diego, California, the US. 
Ardea Biosciences, Inc. - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings. The report provides detailed information on Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnership transactions recorded by the company over a five year period. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals and their value categorized into deal types, sub-sector and regions.
 

Full Report Details at 
- www.fastmr.com/prod/1040651_ardea_biosciences.aspx?afid=701  
 
GlobalData derived the data presented in this report from proprietary in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. 
Scope
 

* Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. 
* Deals by Year - Chart and table displaying information encompassing the number of deals and value reported by the company by year, for a five year period. 
* Deals by Type - Chart and table depicting information including the number of deals and value reported by the company by type such as Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offering etc. 
* Deals by Region - Chart and table presenting information on the number of deals and value reported by the company by region, which includes North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa and South and Central America. 
* Deals by Sub-sector - Chart and table showing information on the number of deals and value reported by the company, by sub-sector. 
* Major Deals - Information on the company's major financial deals. Each such deal has a brief summary, deal type, deal rationale; and deal financials and target Company's (major public companies) key financial metrics and ratios. 
* Business Description - A brief description of the company's operations. 
* Key Employees - A list of the key executives of the company. 
* Important Locations and Subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key centers of operation and subsidiaries of the company. 
* Key Competitors - A list of the key competitors of the company. 
* Key Recent Developments - A brief on recent news about the company.
 

Reasons to Get this Report
 

Get detailed information on the company's financial deals that enable you to understand the company's expansion/divestiture and fund requirements
 

* The profile enables you to analyze the company's financial deals by region, by year, by business segments and by type, for a five year period.
 

Understand the company's business segments' expansion / divestiture strategy
 

* The profile presents deals from the company's core business segments' perspective to help you understand its corporate strategy.
 

Access elaborate information on the company's recent financial deals that enable you to understand the key deals which have shaped the company
 

* Detailed information on major recent deals includes a summary of each deal, deal type, deal rationale, deal financials and Target Company's key financial metrics and ratios.
 

Equip yourself with detailed information about the company's operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.
 

* The profile analyzes the company's business structure, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and key competitors.
 

Stay up-to-date on the major developments affecting the company
 

* Recent developments concerning the company presented in the profile help you track important events.
 

Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research
 

* Key elements such as break up of deals into categories and information on detailed major deals are incorporated into the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.
 

Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.
 

Companies Mentioned in this Report: Ardea Biosciences, Inc.
 

About GlobalData
 

GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team. View more research from GlobalData at www.fastmr.com/catalog/publishers.aspx?pubid=1015&afid=701  

About Fast Market Research
 

Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world's top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget.
 

For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156 (1.413.485.7001 Int'l)

VICTORIAN Premier Daniel Andrews says securing the Formula One Grand Prix for Melbourne until 2023 was a very competitive process, but won't reveal what it cost taxpayers. 

MR Andrews formally announced Melbourne would retain the race on Sunday after posting a video Facebook on Saturday night teasing NSW Premier Mike Baird his election pledge to steal the race from Melbourne had failed. 

Mr Andrews told reporters on Sunday other states in Australia and other countries in the region desperately wanted the race and he would not reveal how much it cost to secure it.

Entertainment editor Scott Tady explores Freddy's Haunts in Independence Twp. to preview its opening. He also previews Pittsburgh Fashion Week, Haunted Mini Golf and much more.

FORMER PM John Howard once described himself as "Lazarus with a triple bypass" for rising from the dead to reclaim the leadership of the Liberal Party. 

While I wouldn't put Labor's Janelle Saffin in the same category, her political comeback in Page was hardly surprising. 

She is set to challenge Kevin Hogan of the Nationals, who unceremoniously dumped her from the federal seat at the 2013 election. 

This is going to be a tight contest one way or another. 

Both parties will need to spend big bucks on election advertising. 

That's one area Hogan was streets ahead of Saffin in 2013 as the Nats were able to swing money they were going to spend on Barnaby Joyce's campaign in behind Hogan after Tony Windsor dropped out of the race in a neighbouring electorate. 

Saffin also suffered from Labor's toxic brand and dissatisfaction over leadership changes. She was one of Kevin Rudd's key supporters. 

Her job in booting Hogan out of her former seat would have been a whole lot easier a week or so ago when Tony Abbott was in power. 

Malcolm Turnbull has swung swinging voters in behind the Coalition again and now her path back to Page looks far from certain. 

Hogan hasn't done a bad job since taking up the reins. He's safe and steady and has "saved" a few things from the axe. 

But Saffin is a really cunning campaigner and she has a strong list of achievements to point to while in office.

Even with a falling dollar, you don't have to give up on all of travel's 'luxuries'.  Photo: iStock  Luxury in travel is a matter of how you look at it, writes Lee Tulloch.  
Australian travellers have become rather fond of the comforts that a strong dollar has bought but the recent currency free fall has had quite a few of us doing our sums and trying to work out how we can continue to travel in the manner to which we have become accustomed. 

I'm off to the Republic of Ireland, a Eurozone country, but counting my blessings I'm not going to Northern Ireland, a pound country. The daily exchange rate has suddenly become my obsession. With every euro cent we plunge, I'm thinking: goodbye good times. 
 
If it's a once-in-a-lifetime experience, or even just the best experience available, go for it, and spend modestly on something else. 
  
But of course that is ridiculous. It's possible to have "champagne wishes and caviar dreams" (to quote a popular 1980s TV show) when the dollar buys less than 48 pence or US65¢. 

The first thing that needs to be rebooted is the concept of luxury. 

I'm always suspicious of the word 'luxury'. Often it's just a description of a bland, mediocre service that has a few frills more than basic. True luxury might be about many other things, according to personal taste - privacy, tranquillity or enriching experiences, perhaps. The dollar value on it is becoming increasingly irrelevant. 

The word is becoming irrelevant and meaningless too. 

One man's luxury might be gold taps and a plethora of cushions and obsequious service. Another's might be downtime in a beautiful, remote location where you can go off the grid. Still another might be a resort or cruise where you can leave the children in the hands of others. Or sleeping in a villa with an amazing history. 

The most "luxurious" hotel suite I've ever seen didn't have a whisper of gold or any hint of dazzle – it was exquisitely simple, created by one of the world's most notable designers. Luxury can be what is not as much as what there is. Simplicity can be as costly as ornamentation. 

Degrees of opulence never determined luxury for me. Often I'm more impressed with the small details, like pure cotton pyjamas provided at a Vietnamese resort, or a bath filled with rose petals in Bali. 

The greatest luxury for me in travel, what gives me my biggest kicks, is not wallowing in a bed with millions of pillows or sitting up the front of a plane, it is making friends with strangers, spending time with the great characters that populate our world, the thrill of discovering differences but also fellow feeling in the way we all look at the world. 

Leisure travel is luxury. We are fortunate to be able to do it. 

Travelling thriftily for me is not about cutting corners but about enhancing the experience and not giving in to false economies. I've learnt over the years by the mistakes of made, such as denying myself the restaurant where I'd really like to dine in favour of a cheaper one, and finding that, in the run of things, that extra $100 hasn't mattered one bit. 

If you wish it, small luxuries are perfectly possible at any time. Siphon off a day or two for a splurge on a pricey hotel or set aside funds for a lavish night out. Divert to a less expensive city, like Budapest, which is as opulent as Paris or London. You can have a little bit of luxury every day if you play your cards right. 

Someone once gave me some very good advice – travel with an evening gown or something dressy, because you never know who you might meet and where you'll be invited. So I always travel as if that invitation to someone's palace or villa is just around the corner. And if it isn't, I make my own glamour. 

Cocktails may cost upwards of 25 euro ($40) in the bars of some of Europe's luxury hotels, but you can nurse one for hours. The bar somewhere classy like Le Meurice in Paris is fascinating, full of diplomats, celebs and eccentrics. Even if you're staying somewhere that's nowhere near as salubrious, no one need know. You'll remember the night you lived it up at a swank hotel. 

Similarly, if you're dressed for it, the sales assistants of the world's expensive boutiques will let you play with their clothes and shoes for hours and you don't have to buy a thing. 

If it's a once-in-a-lifetime experience, or even just the best experience available, go for it, and spend modestly on something else. The nickels and dimes don't matter. It's the memories that count.

These Fashion Staples Encourage One to Wear White After Labour Day  
 
 By:  -  Published: Sep 4, 2015  
 The origins of the "No white after Labor Day" rule are shrouded in mystery and confusion. 
It's possible that the rule was conceived simply as a reminder not to wear lightweight, easily stained white clothing outside of the summer season, which was book-ended by Memorial Day and Labor Day. It's also thought that in the late 1800s and early 1900s, the white after Labor Day rule was part of a vast and complex set of fashion and etiquette rules meant to separate older land-owning families from the nouveau riche population in the U.S. 

However, since the 1950s and 60s, when the white after Labor Day custom reached its peak and then began to decline, it's become entirely acceptable to wear white into September and right through the winter. Some fashion icons, notably Coco Chanel, never even conformed to the rigid rule -- so follow these fashion ideas to flaunt white after Labor Day.   Stats for Trending: Fresh & Hot 
Traction:  109 clicks in 11 min 
Interest: 5.5 minutes   Concept: Labor Day 
Related: 865 examples / 665 photos 
Segment: Females, 18-35   Comparison Set: 317 similar articles, including: horror movie makeup, nude beach editorials, and fine art collars.

SOURCE CITGO Petroleum Corporation

HOUSTON 

This year, National Estuaries Week falls on a significant date for the Gulf Coast region, with September 26 

CITGO supports National Estuaries Week through its environmental stewardship initiative, Caring for Our Coast. This initiative, launched to commemorate the 10 years since Hurricanes Katrina and Rita struck the region, focuses on volunteer programs that advance natural habitat restoration and wetlands conservation along the Gulf Coast, as well as the enhancement of science, technology, math and engineering (STEM) education. Thus far in 2015, CITGO has committed resources for projects targeted to involve more than 2,500 volunteers contributing 12,000 hours of their personal time, with the goal of restoring nearly 4,000 acres. 

As the Regional Gulf Coast Sponsor for National Estuaries Week, CITGO will gather volunteers for several conservation events throughout the Gulf, both preceding and following National Estuaries Week, these include:

"With two refineries, eight terminals and 1,360 independently owned gas stations and a workforce of nearly 4,000 employees and contractors throughout the region, our commitment to the Gulf Coast runs deep," said CITGO President and CEO Nelson P. Martinez 

Estuaries are a crucial natural resource in the United States 

"National Estuaries Week projects focus on improving water quality, rebuilding shorelines and opening up passages for fish in our nation's estuaries," said Jeff Benoit 

Throughout the year, CITGO partners regularly with several organizations affiliated with Restore America's Estuaries, including the Alabama Coastal Foundation, Coalition to Restore Coastal Louisiana, Galveston Bay Foundation, Land Trust for the Mississippi Coastal Plain and Tampa Bay Watch to lead the Gulf in environmental protection and restoration efforts. To learn more about Caring for Our Coast and the company's larger commitment to environmental stewardship, please visit www.citgocaringforourcoast.com or follow @CITGO on Twitter. 

For more information on National Estuaries Week, including a calendar of events, you can visit: www.estuaries.org/national-estuaries-week, follow @RAEstuaries on Twitter or Restore America's Estuaries on Facebook. 

About CITGO

CITGO, based in Houston 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/citgo-continues-its-caring-for-our-coast-program-as-regional-gulf-coast-sponsor-of-national-estuaries-week-300145648.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

New Australia captain Steve Smith will look back on the 2013-14 Ashes series as the greatest example of Brad Haddin's positive impact on the Australian team. New Australia captain Steve Smith will look back on the 2013-14 Ashes series as the clearest and greatest example of Brad Haddin's positive impact on the Australian team. When Smith made his first-class debut in early 2008 for NSW their gloveman was Haddin. Later that year he succeeded Adam Gilchrist in the Test team, a role current coach Darren Lehmann said he handled deftly despite the lofty expectations.

Smith, 26, said the now-retired Haddin had been a "great mentor" for him at state level, and had been even better when he progressed to the national team where Haddin was entrenched as first-choice wicketkeeper.

"In the Australian set-up as well he was always took me under his wing and helped me develop as a player and as a person. I'm very thankful for that," Smith said in Manchester on Tuesday evening, after learning of Haddin's announcement.

Smith marvelled at Haddin for making 493 runs at an average of 61.63 to, with Mitch Johnson, spearhead Australia's successful bid to regain the Ashes at home in 2013-14.

"The [2013-14] home Ashes, where we won 5-0, he was a massive part of that. I think he scored [at least] 50 in the first innings in all five of those Test matches," he said.

"Batting at No.7, I think he really came out and played positively. I think there were a lot of [instances] where he got us back into the game, just from sheer [will] and taking the game on. He was magnificent at that, and I think a lot of keepers around the world can learn from the way he played."

Smith also hailed Haddin as "certainly one of the best team men I've ever been around ... always put the team first in every aspect".

Coach Lehmann, who first played against Haddin almost 15 years ago when the wicketkeeper was just 22, said Haddin was not only a fantastic player but also "a fantastic mentor for a lot of young players [and] a great mentor for me as coach".

"He's a fantastic human being and he'll be welcome in our change rooms all the time, because he's an absolute superstar," said Lehmann, who was part of the selection panel that excluded Haddin for the second half of the just-completed Ashes series.

"He made some crucial runs for us in Ashes series, and in different series all round in all formats. For us, his keeping was exceptional, his batting was very good. It was a case of him being able to turn a game very quickly for you. That's what [Adam] Gilchrist did exceptionally well as well."

Lehmann said Haddin would leave a vast and diverse legacy: "The baggy green, the way he wore it with pride. The way he helped younger players. The way he helped drive the team as a whole. The way he helped coaches. The way he helped mould the team. The way we play today is an exceptional legacy for him. The way he thought about his family and helped his family through difficult times, and the way he helps other people's family and friends," he said. The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

Floyd Mayweather Jr. plans to go out unbeaten and on his own terms, as 'The Best Ever', when he ends his boxing career in Las Vegas next week with his welterweight title defence against fellow American Andre Berto. 

Should Mayweather win, as is widely expected, he would match the 49-0 record of former heavyweight great Rocky Marciano but says he would not be tempted to come out of retirement for a 50th fight. 

Image Credit: . 
 
"Forty-nine is my last fight," the five-division world champion, aged 38, told reporters on a conference call on Wednesday before saying that self-preservation in the ring had always been a top priority. 

"My health is more important. Anything can happen (in boxing). I am not really worried about losing. You can make a lot of money but you still won't be able to talk, walk and have a sharp mind. 

"Of course, it's always about self-preservation. I come first but I appreciate the fans. I do. The only thing I can do is believe in myself. I'm going to be TBE (The Best Ever) until the day I die." 

Many pundits have doubted Mayweather's claim that he will end his career after the Sept. 12 bout, pointing to the American's U-turn when he came back from a 21-month retirement to fight Mexican Juan Manuel Marquez in September 2009. 

"Like I have said and Floyd has said a number of times, this will be his last fight," Leonard Ellerbe, CEO of Mayweather Promotions, said on Wednesday's conference call. 

"Why can't a man go out when he has had an illustrious career, accomplished everything that he needed to accomplish and be done? And he has done it his way. 

"Over the last week, I have received three major movie offers. We fully expect Floyd to be heavily, heavily involved in the entertainment industry because this is what he does right now ... that is going to occupy a lot of his time." 

Mayweather, whose 48-0 record includes 26 knockouts, is renowned for his brilliant defence in the ring though he has often been criticized for selecting easy opponents while building his impressive resume. 

Asked what he regarded as the greatest achievement of his career, he replied: "Every fight played a major key ... and number 49 is going to be important also. But my career's not over yet." 

Berto, a twice former welterweight world champion, will step into the ring as a heavy underdog after losing three of his last six fights but Mayweather is wary of underestimating his opponent. 

"When you've got a guy that's put in a situation with nothing to lose, it makes him work that much harder," said Mayweather. "He has a chance to be one of the top guys in the sport when I am through. You never overlook anyone." 

           	


   
  More from this Section

:57 

“There is no doubt that there is a strong Russian presence in the eastern part of Ukraine,” Stoltenberg said in an interview at NATO HQ in Brussels. “There (are) Russian forces there, there (is) Russian equipment and Russia continues to train and to assist the separatists.”

© 2015 AFP

Murray International Trust PLC   
 Aberdeen Asset Management PLC announces the unaudited net asset values (NAVs) of the following investment companies as at close of business on 1 September 2015.  Unless otherwise disclosed, the NAVs have been calculated in accordance with the recommendations of the Association of Investment Companies.  In particular: (1) financial assets have been valued on a fair value basis using bid prices, or, if more appropriate, a last trade basis; (2) debt is valued at par and, where applicable, debt is also separately valued at market value (3) diluted NAVs are disclosed where applicable (for this purpose, treasury shares are excluded for the purposes of calculation); and (4) provisions for performance fees are included where applicable.  
   Murray International Trust Undiluted      Excluding Income          Murray International Trust Undiluted      Including Income          Murray International Trust with Debt at Fair Value      Excluding Income          Murray International Trust with Debt at Fair Value      Including Income           
This information is provided by RNS  The company news service from the London Stock Exchange ENDNAVEAENAEDNSEFF

10:24 a.m. EDT 
 
(Reuters) - The U.S. national healthcare reform law has extended health insurance coverage to 17.6 million Americans, according to a new government report on Tuesday, up from its previous estimate of 16.4 million. 
 
The number of uninsured has decreased because of changes in the law that allowed young people to stay on their parents' health plans for longer, the expansion of Medicaid in 29 states and the District of Columbia, and the sale of subsidized health insurance to individuals, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Sylvia Burwell said in a speech. 
 
The previous estimate, which is calculated by a division of HHS, was issued in March. 
 
(Reporting by Caroline Humer in New York; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)

Ahead of its official debut at the Frankfurt Motor Show, Hyundai has revealed the 2016 Hyundai Sonata facelift which will head to India as well. Expect an unveiling in India at the 2016 Auto Expo.
However, the current facelift is seen only on the 5-seater model & not on the 7-seater model which is sold in India. But expect most of the changes to trickle down to Indian shores as well.
Changes:
New front bumper New fog lamp LED DRL New headlamp Bigger chrome grille New alloy wheels New rear bumper Rectangular exhaust tips Larger infotainment system New control buttons for infotainment Better quality interior materials Emergency braking Rear-cross traffic alert Smart cruise control Blind spot detection Lange change assist High beam assist The Santa Fe will continue to be powered by a 2.2L, 4-cylinder, turbocharged diesel motor producing 194 BHP of power & 421 – 436 Nm of torque matched to a 6-speed manual or 6-speed automatic gearbox. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus About PrimeAuto Singh This is a short description in the author block about the author. You edit it by entering text in the "Biographical Info" field in the user admin panel.

Research and Markets (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/4qwptv/sulfuric_acid) has announced the addition of the "Sulfuric Acid Market in Germany: 2015-2019 Review" report to their offering. The report brings together facts and figures about sulfuric acid market in Germany covering period of 2009-2019. Statistics, experts' opinions and estimations are given. The report about sulfuric acid market in Germany covers: - manufacturers capacity, production volumes - company profiles - consumption structure, trends - end-users segments - prices - market forecast Buying the report means: - availability of key statistics about sulfuric acid market in Germany (historical and forecast) - allocation of country market players, their role in the market - provision of data on demand characteristics - identification of market potential Key Topics Covered: 1. OVERVIEW OF SULFURIC ACID MARKET IN GERMANY 2. CAPACITY IN GERMANY 2.1. Nameplate capacity, shares in global and regional markets (2014) 3. SULFURIC ACID SUPPLY IN GERMANY 3.1. Germany output in 2009-2014 3.2. Germany production shares in global market and in regional market (2009-2014) 4. SULFURIC ACID MANUFACTURERS 4.1. Sulfuric Acid manufacturers' profiles 4.2. Plants capacity, shares in local and world markets 5. SULFURIC ACID DEMAND IN GERMANY 5.1. Demand structure, consumption (2009-2014) 5.2. Germany demand shares in regional market and in global market (2009-2014) 6. SULFURIC ACID TRADE IN GERMANY 6.1. Export, export share in production (recent years) 6.2. Import, import share in consumption (recent years) 6.3. Annual prices (recent years) 7. FUTURE TRENDS IN SULFURIC ACID MARKET TO 2019 7.1. General market forecast 7.2. Sulfuric Acid output forecast to 2019 7.3. Sulfuric Acid consumption forecast to 2019 8. SUPPLIERS IN GERMANY 9. SULFURIC ACID END-USERS IN GERMANY For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/4qwptv/sulfuric_acid CONTACT: Research and Markets, Laura Wood, Senior Manager. press@researchandmarkets.com Fax from USA: 646-607-1907 Fax from rest of the world: +353-1-481-1716 Sector: Chemicals (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/categories.asp?cat_id=63&campaign_id=4qwptv) 

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com.

(Bloomberg) -- European government bonds surged, pushing German five-year yields below zero for the first time in almost a month, as a slide in equity markets boosted demand for fixed- income assets. 

Benchmark German 10-year bunds led gains as European stocks fell the most in more than two weeks, underpinning the region’s benchmark sovereign securities. Speculation of extended stimulus from the European Central Bank increased after Executive Board member Peter Praet said on Monday that policy makers would “forcefully react” to defend their inflation objective. Since the ECB started its 1.1 trillion-euro ($1.2 trillion) bond- buying program in March, inflation in the currency bloc has slowed to a near standstill, compared with the ECB’s goal of just below 2 percent. 

The U.S. Federal Reserve’s decision to refrain from increasing interest rates last week has bolstered the prospect of the ECB extending its “easy-monetary policy stance,” according to Rabobank International. 

“We are seeing softness in European equities and that provides a conducive backdrop for fixed income,” said Richard McGuire, head of European rates strategy at Rabobank in London. He added that “ongoing speculation of additional central-bank support in Europe and beyond, in the wake of the Fed’s steady rate decision, may be also playing a part here.” 

Germany’s five-year note yields declined five basis points, or 0.05 percentage point, to minus 0.015 percent at 3:15 p.m. London time. That’s the first time the yield has fallen below zero since Aug. 25. The 0.25 percent security due October 2020 climbed 0.285, or 2.85 euros per 1,000-euro face amount, to 101.34. The nation’s 10-year bund yield dropped eight basis points to 0.61 percent. 

Similar-maturity French bond yields fell seven basis points to 0.99 percent, and those on Italy’s declined five basis points to 1.76 percent. 

Dutch Auction 

The Netherlands sold 2.8 billion euros of three-year debt at a record-low yield. The Dutch State Treasury Agency allotted the notes due in April 2018 at an average yield of minus 0.156 percent, down from minus 0.032 percent at a previous auction on June 9. Yields on Dutch two-year notes fell to a record low of minus 0.246 percent. 

A negative yield means investors buying the securities now will get back less if they hold them until maturity than they paid. 

The primary focus for European bond markets will be economic data, according to Luca Cazzulani, senior fixed-income strategist at UniCredit SpA in Milan. 

“Right now we have to look at the data because that will tell you where the momentum is going,” Cazzulani said. “The ECB is saying they will intervene and do more if needed and that ultimately depends on the data.” 

Analysts said a report on Wednesday will show that a gauge of euro-area manufacturing growth slowed this month. Markit Economics’ Purchasing Managers’ Index fell to 52 from 52.3 in August, according to a Bloomberg survey of economists. That would be the lowest reading since April.

Heavy metal rockers Iron Maiden have landed the top spot with their latest album, five years after The Final Frontier in 2010. 
 
		 
The London-based band, led by frontman Bruce Dickinson, released their 16th studio record, The Book Of Souls, which went straight into Number One in the UK's Official Albums Chart with combined sales of just over 60,000. 
  Iron Maiden are back at the top of the album chart after a five-year absence   
The group's first double album and their longest to date, which was delayed while Dickinson recovered from tongue cancer, also topped the vinyl albums charts. 

			 
DJ Sigala, originally from Norfolk, toppled Justin Bieber from the number one place in the singles chart with his track Easy Love. 



 
The track, which samples Jackson 5's 1970 Top 10 hit ABC, has racked up a combined chart sales figure of over 82,000 this week. 

The producer, real name  Bruce Fielder, told OfficialCharts.com: "This is so amazing. I had no idea this would ever be a Number One record. I wrote this song in my bedroom on a Sunday evening after a couple of beers. I had no idea it would go to the top of the charts!" 

Meanwhile, Bieber earned a spot in history after his new single What Do You Mean? broke the UK's all-time streaming record,  clocking up 3.87 million plays in the last seven days. 

The feat means Justin overtakes previous record-holder Wiz Khalifa's See You Again feat. Charlie Puth, which counted 3.72 million streams back in April. 

			 

         Copyright (c) Press Association Ltd. 2015, All Rights Reserved.

Monday, 07 September 2015 12:55 
Posted by SINGAPORE: A bullish target at $1,686 per tonne has been temporarily aborted for LME aluminium, due to a false break above the resistance at $1,617. 

The resistance is provided by the 23.6 percent Fibonacci retracement on the fall from the May 6 high of $1,977 to the Aug. 24 low of $1,506. Only a rise to $1,638 could confirm a valid break, and the target at $1,686, the 38.2 percent will then be resumed. 

Most likely, the metal will drop to $1,575, the 14.6 percent retracement, as it has not pulled back towards a trendline falling from $1,977. 

The next resistance will be at $1,686, the 38.2 percent level. 
Copyright Reuters, 2

Stu Waring's bike-fitting area in the back of Parvilla Cycle & Multisport could be confused with a doctor's office or a physical therapy center. 

There's a skeleton. There's a foldup massage table. And then there's Waring, guiding his clients through an array of movements while discussing the health of their body. 

But Waring isn't a doctor or a physical therapist. He's a bike fitter, who adjusts bikes by discovering riders' best possible position on the cycle for comfort and speed. 

It's Waring and this back area that has made Parvilla Cycle & Multisport a premier bike shop on the East Coast. After just four years in operation, the store has been ranked one of the top 50 bike shops in the country by Active Times and was one of six nominated for best pro road shop in the nation by Interbike Awards. 

"This is the store," said Waring, who started the shop with Iain Banks. "Fitting is our store and why we are doing as well as we are four years into a brand-new business." 

While the store has garnered a strong local presence for its bikes and accessories, riders from around the country flock to the shop to get a fitting. Waring and his colleagues said he is typically booked about four weeks in advance for his fittings. 

He does one fitting a day Monday through Friday. Each one takes about four hours and costs $350 for the standard package and $500 for the premium. 

"1/8Waring's3/8 one of the best fitters on the East Coast, so that brings in a broader range of customers," service manager Joseph Sikorski said. 

Bike fitting wasn't Waring's first job, though. He got his degree in naval architecture and spent about 20 years in the industry, but he later got his fitting education through Retul, which is based in Boulder, Colo. 

He has since become an instructor for the company and is its only fitter on the East Coast. Waring brings his engineering background to help his understanding of bikes, but he also enjoys studying the body and said he has picked up on things from chiropractors and physical therapists. 

It's Waring's blend of the two aspects that allows him to best suit his clients. He can tell when customers need to correct their back problems, but rather than do it himself, he recommends them to a specialist and then has them come back once they are healthy. 

"There are fitters out there that will make the computer look good," Waring said. "They'll work the numbers and do all kinds of stuff and it looks good on the screen, but they get out there and they are jacked. The problem is it's the hips or the knees. They don't know enough or care enough about the body." 

That's where Waring looks to set himself apart. And once he has a healthy client, he is able to turn to his machinery and knowledge to help improve a person's position on a bike. 

Situated in the back room, Waring has a "Guru Dynamic Fit Unit," which amounts to being a machine bike that is adjustable. Waring said he has used it roughly 2,000 times and credits it for generating about $350,000 a year, thus deeming it his "printing press." 

Surrounded by TV monitors, the machine allows Waring to adjust his client's position on the bike while still riding instead of having to manually change the bike over and over until the correct spot is found. 

His background and equipment recently helped get an individual with cancer in his neck into a position where he can ride. He was previously having trouble looking up because of his limited mobility, but his position has changed that and he asked Waring whether he could go for a ride to coach him. 

Waring doesn't coach anymore, but instead, he plans on just enjoying a nice day with him. 

"We are just going to go and have a coffee and have a ride some time," Waring said. "I get a kick out of that. That, to me, is what it's all about." 

It's that family attitude, beyond just the fitting, that has helped build the store, the employees said. 

Banks' wife, Sarah, who co-owns the store with Waring, said it comes down to knowing customers' names and chatting with them when they stop by. 

"We are able to cater to everyone at the same time, whether it is someone getting into it or someone that wants a $20,000 bike," Sikorski said. "We treat everyone the same. We are small group of people. We are like a family." 

The store holds weekly rides that allow it to not only grow a customer base, but also build a community around the store. On Mondays, it offers about a 20-mile co-ed bike ride that leaves from the store. Then Wednesdays, it has a ladies-only ride followed by a barbecue. 

"It brings more people to the area," Sikorski said. "It's a friendly atmosphere, just everyone hanging out having a hot dog and a beer." 

Banks said he and Waring set out to make the business something different to separate it from other independent bike stores. Waring and his bike fitting has done that for Parvilla. 

But there is more to the store than just that back room. Bikes line the wall, helmets rest on shelves, and now there's also triathlon equipment. 

The bike fitting might be the main revenue stream and what draws outsiders in, but Parvilla Cycle & Multisport prides itself on everything else it offers the community, too. 

"As much as we still do the high-end, custom, niche items, we are still that neighborhood bike store as well," Banks said. "We will still work on everybody's bike."

Labour will perform a full review of tax legislation and the Treasury as part of a bid to clamp down on big business tax avoiders, shadow chancellor John McDonnell announced as he laid out his party's plans for the economy. 
 
		 
Mr McDonnell said there would be an "institutional review" of a "whole range" of organisations to see whether they are fit for purpose, and called for renewed investment in the tax office to close down loopholes that allow large corporations to pay minimal tax. 
  John McDonnell called for the introduction of a new 'national bank'   
The MP for Hayes and Harlington called for the introduction of a new "national bank" to help the UK's long-term investment infrastructure. 

			 
Mr McDonnell also said he wants a return to separate government departments to manage public expenditure and help drive economic growth. 



 
The new shadow chancellor highlighted an annual tax gap of £120 billion, saying that a "significant proportion" of that should be collected. 

He told LBC radio: "What we need to do now is invest in HMRC, get the tax inspectors to work and start closing down some of these loopholes. 

"It is appalling that actually some of the biggest corporations are not just having their corporation tax cut by (Chancellor George) Osborne to the lowest level we have ever seen, at 18%, but in addition to that, even with low levels of taxation, they are not paying their way. I find that appalling." 

Mr McDonnell added: "We have put together a group of economists that will come together as an economic advisory council. 

			 
"One of the tasks I am going to be giving them is a review of all tax legislation and a review of the role of HMRC so we can get back to the state doing what it should do, (which) is making sure we collect our taxes." 

The chairman and make-up of the new body will be announced within the next fortnight, he said. 

Mr McDonnell added: "I am looking to have an institutional review of a whole range of organisations to see whether or not they are fit for purpose at the moment and how they can be improved, and that includes a review of the Treasury itself." 

And he called for a reorganisation of government departments to focus on long-term growth. 

			 
He said: "I would like to see the current BIS (Department for Business, Innovation and Skills) actually transformed into an economic development department. 

"I think what we should be doing is saying to the Treasury, 'do your job', about managing monetary and fiscal policy alongside the Bank of England, which will remain independent but should have a new mandate, but also making sure the Treasury does its job about monitoring properly efficient public expenditure. 

"But let's have a department that actually drives economic growth and investment." 

Labour is also arguing for the launch of a new state investment bank, Mr McDonnell said, to stabilise long-term investment infrastructure. 

He said: "That would be a state bank, a nationalised bank, if you like, exactly the same as they have in Germany and elsewhere. 

			 
"What I would like to do as well is build up a state sovereign fund." 

Mr McDonnell vowed that Labour would tackle the nation's financial deficit. 

He said: "What George Osborne is doing is basically loading the payment on the deficit on middle and low earners and some with no earnings at all, those on welfare benefits. 

"It is disgracefully unfair, so what we are saying is, we will tackle the deficit first of all by making sure corporations and the rich pay their taxes, full stop. 

"Secondly we will not be making the tax cuts to the corporations that the Government is now planning, and we will make sure as well that we start preparing a long-term investment plan that gives us prosperity. 

"If we can get reasonable growth back into the economy we can tackle the deficit, as long as we make sure people are paying their taxes." 


         Copyright (c) Press Association Ltd. 2015, All Rights Reserved.

Keep your scanner tuned to this station. Robotech is back! 
 
Chapter 83: Reflex Point 
 
This is exciting! Reflex Point! The whole story has been heading towards this point for so long! My expectations are very high. 
 
The Regis muses on irony, and how protoculture allows the Invid to change into any form they like, but their extensive research has concluded that HUMANS, HUMANS ARE THE BEST DESIGN. 
 
“We are Invid, we cannot fail, I will not allow it.” 
 
 

 
A group of troublemakers, AKA our heroes, are startled by an explosion nearby. Hoping it might be that spunky Rick Hunter, they head towards it only to find some damaged mecha in a smoking crater. 
 
Scott carefully surveys the damaged mecha and pronounces that there are no survivors. 
 
“Nobody said war was pretty.” The narrator, setting the tone as always. 
 
Proving that Scott is an idiot, a survivor promptly turns up – an intelligence agent called Sue Graham, who looks a lot like Marie Crystal but isn’t. Her assignment is to record the mission for Admiral Hunter and send him information. 
 
Scott is furious to find out that Sue filmed the deaths of her colleagues instead of joining in the battle and getting killed alongside them. He and Lancer get aggressive and judgy at her. 
 
Hundreds of Invid are approaching. Sue tells them all to deactivate their protoculture cells and abandon the mecha so the Invid think everyone is dead, but they are so busy not trusting her that they leave it to the last minute and only just make it into the woods. 
 
Their Cyclones have a near miss, but the jeep and the Beta are both knocked into a ravine by the stompy Invid. Aww, ships, no. (Don’t worry, they’re fine later) 
 
Sue has some good news, at least: there is a force of Admiral Hunter’s fleet, called shadow fighters, hanging around the dark side of the moon, ready to launch an assault against the Invid when “the time is right”. Scott repeatedly challenges her about doing her job (passing information to the local fighters to give them hope, and collecting data to send back to the fleet) rather than going rogue freedom fighter like him, which is the Only Correct Moral Choice. 
 
Scott needs to not be in charge any more. 
 
#TeamSue 
 
The crew all have adorable space sleeping bags that make them look like caterpillars. Scott is angsting about Marlene Mark I, and Marlene Mark II suggests that he’s never going to be over her. She has a good point considering that he NAMED HER AFTER HIS DEAD GIRLFRIEND. 
 
Scott and the crew are reluctantly going on a mission to collect a magic special space cannon that Sue told them about. Scott suspects that Sue has set them up so she can get some amazing footage of them getting “creamed” by the Invid. 
 
I’m confused by their lack of distinction between a spy collecting necessary war intelligence, and a paparazzo-style media bunny. Mind you, Sue doesn’t help the situation by saying things like “Admiral Hunter’s going to love this footage” which implies she is creating entertainment for the poor bored Admiral instead of, you know, helping the war effort. 
 
On the other hand, maybe Rick is just super bored. It’s not easy at the top. 
 
Even the narrator complains that Sue is shooting nothing but film footage, when the Invid attack. Annie isn’t shooting anyone either! Because it’s NOT HER JOB OR HER SKILLSET. 
 
I can’t help noticing that this episode called Reflex Point does not seem to actually have anything to do with Reflex Point. Surely they’ll get there soon, right? Right? 
 
The leader of this particular Invid battalion is a glam rock style blond who bleeds green when he is killed. Sue is delighted to have proof that the Invid are turning themselves into humans – but Marlene is less than delighted, because she is bleeding green from a scratch on her arm. 
 
YOU GUYS I THINK MARLENE IS AN INVID! 
 
Marlene flees in horror, and Scott is surprisingly calm and forgiving about the whole thing, thinking more about how upset she must be than worrying about whether she was spying on them. It’s his one moment of being pretty awesome in an episode that is mostly all about him being a dick. 
 
Sue drops dead from, I don’t know, irony, I guess, and Scott gives a grave speech about how she was the most dedicated professional he ever met in the REF, which goes to show that even when he’s being nice, he’s also a massive hypocrite. 
 
As the episode closes without any sign of Reflex Point, the narrator works harder to get up our hopes that Admiral Hunter will be turning up any minute. 
 
I… don’t think he can be trusted… 
 
But they wouldn’t keep mentioning Admiral Hunter this much if he wasn’t going to turn up in the final episode, right? RIGHT? 
 
This weekly rewatch of classic animated space opera Robotech is brought to you as bonus content for the Musketeer Space project. 
 
Thanks to everyone who has linked, commented, or sponsored me. 
 
You can support the blog at Patreon .

A A- A+   
Govt unsure aboutwhy Aussie team held back: PM 


 NEW YORK, Sept 30 (BSS): Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said her government was still not sure why the Australian cricket team postponed their scheduled tour to Bangladesh. 

"We are not sure why the Australian Cricket team is not coming to Bangladesh," she told a press conference at Bangladesh UN Permanent Mission here on Tuesday evening. 

The Prime Minister, however, said both sides were discussing the matter. 

 "In the past we have witnessed similar situation. Pakistan and India teams played in Bangladesh. Even the World Cup cricket was hosted here. It's absolutely a matter of Australia why they suddenly decided not to visit Bangladesh," she said. 

Sheikh Hasina noted that Bangladesh hosted a number of sports events in the past with foolproof security and no untoward incidents happened. 

 "Untoward incidents have taken place in many countries, but not in Bangladesh ... our law enforcement agencies and all concerned have enough expertise to ensure security of the players and our people are also very much conscious about this," she said.

Greece raised Wednesday 1.137 billion euros ($1.280 billion) in an auction of six-month treasury bills at the same 2.97 percent interest rate it last sold them at last month, the Greek Public Debt Management Agency said.

Since the last auction on August 5, Athens and its international creditors agreed a third huge international bailout for the debt-stricken country, worth 86 billion euros over three years.

However there has not been boost in investor confidence as early elections were called for September 20 after Alexis Tsipras resigned as prime minister last month following a serious split within his radical-left party Syriza over the bailout.

Wednesday's auction of 875 million euros of 6-month T-bills was over-subscribed by a ratio of 1.3. 

Athens sold 812.5 million euros of six-month bills last month.

Greece has not had access to long-term capital markets since the start of its debt crisis in 2010, with the exception of two brief returns to medium-term markets.

-AFP

Alex Wood pitched seven strong innings, Carl Crawford and Joc Pederson had run-scoring hits, and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 2-0 on Saturday night. 

Wood (10-9) gave up three hits, walked four and hit a batter while striking out four in his eighth start for the Dodgers since coming over in a trade from Atlanta. 

Crawford's RBI double in the fourth was enough for Los Angeles to win for the 10th time in 12 games and improve to a season-high 19 games over .500. 

Kenley Jansen got the last three outs for his 29th save in 31 chances. 

Tyson Ross (10-10) gave up a run and five hits in six innings. He walked two and struck out three. 

Pederson added an RBI single in the eighth.

21 years after the first and so far only Coopers release on Kimmo Rapatti’s DUM label, Jukka Kaartinen & Rapatti join forces again for their second output ever. 
 
I guess you can say that this release is both futuristic and retrospective at the same time but thanks to a freshly structured sound design, which doesn’t try to emulate the past in a plastic way, all three tracks come across convincingly and, gulp, honest. 
 
‘Indianacid’ is summery and positive; an immersion into the last bits of sunshine playfully reflecting on the surface of the countless lakes of Finland. It seems like the Coopers boys set out from shore to go on a serious salmon fishing mission with a 303 in the bag and this became the result. 
 
On the other hand, ‘Ixam’ is one ferocious, beaver teeth grinding jam, in ecstatic analogue delirium. Think earlier Mono Junk darkness and you should get an idea, where this is heading. Gloom’n’Glory surely seems like an appropriate description here. 
 
‘Maximalfun’ aka a 12:34 minutes restrained roller coaster ride with endless, repetitive sonic musters completes the mental clusterfuck and I expect to see at least a good number of dingy ravers in spasmodic state, getting killed slowly by this. If not, the the sun will do the job. 
 
With love from Finland! 
 Tweet

SOURCE Salient Federal Solutions, Inc.

The Combined Company Will Benefit New and Existing Customers through Greater Technical Expertise, Enhanced Mission Capabilities, and Broader Resources

FAIRFAX, Va. 

Brad Antle 

"Today begins an exciting chapter in our company's history," said Mr. Antle. "We are pleased to announce the close of this transaction and the formation of Salient CRGT. This merger is a powerful combination in the Federal IT services industry. Together, we bring a more robust set of capabilities, and have greater overall experience with and depth of knowledge in technologies that matter most to our customers. Our experiences in Agile Software Development, Data Analytics, Cyber and Mobility position Salient CRGT for the growing needs in our market, and we look forward to working together as a powerful force in the market, leveraging our expertise to deliver a broader portfolio of innovative solutions across the entire federal IT market."

"We are very excited to bring this transformative merger to completion. We are positioned to be the partner of choice for agency customers demanding value and successful outcomes," said Mr. Ferrando. "The two companies have exceptional past performances in delivering capabilities and solutions that significantly enhance the mission and provide high return on investment to our customers. Our focus on key technologies that deliver critical capabilities and solutions distinguishes Salient CRGT in the federal services industry. These also include highly specialized C4 Engineering, infrastructure, and mission specific training capabilities that are uniquely valued by our customers." 

Salient CRGT is positioned for leadership in IT modernization and business intelligence. 

About Salient Federal Solutions

Salient is a leading provider of information technology and engineering services that include data analytics, Agile development, mobility, training, and cyber security solutions to the intelligence, defense, homeland security, and federal civilian markets. Recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America's Most Promising Companies and named Contractor of the Year, Salient's customer base includes the United States Office of Personnel Management, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Defense, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, Department of Homeland Security, and more. For additional information on Salient, please visit www.salientfed.com.

About CRGT

CRGT is a full life-cycle IT services provider for the Federal Government, offering customers Agile Software Development, data analytics, and cyber security & infrastructure support. Working as a partner with government agencies that span civilian services, national defense, and domestic security, CRGT has earned a record of success with integration and operations of large-scale, high-volume solutions. CRGT's customer base includes the United States Postal Service, Securities and Exchange Commission, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Defense, Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, and more. For additional information on CRGT, please visit www.crgt.com 

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150914/266395LOGO 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/salient-federal-solutions-and-crgt-announces-closing-of-the-merger-transactions-300142727.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

NZ Super Fund chairman Gavin Walker said double-digit results couldn't be expected to continue indefinitely. 
             
New Zealand has missed out on adding billions to its retirement savings pot over the past year because the Government is not contributing to the NZ Superannuation Fund. 
 
The NZ Super Fund  revealed it returned 14.6 per cent after costs and before tax in the year to June 30. It finished the year at $29.5 billion, up $3.1b on the year before. 
 
The fund's results show that the Government would have been 11 per cent better off if it had made contributions over the year, instead of using the money to pay down its debts. 
 
That outperformance, compared to the cost of debt servicing, was worth $2.9b to the fund in the 2015 year. 
 
NZ Super Fund chairman Gavin Walker said the result was an excellent one. 
 
"The past year has continued a pattern of very strong, above-market returns." 
 
Since the Government stopped contributions  in 2009,  the fund has gone through a period of double-digit returns, averaging 16.8 per cent over the past five years. 
 
 READ MORE: Government should restart contributions  
 
The fund calculated it would now have at least $17.8b more in its coffers if the contributions had continued through that period, and would be closing in on $50b. 
 
The Government would have been $6.2b better off over the past five years if it had paid contributions rather than using the money to service debt. 
 
But Walker said the double-digit results could not be expected to continue indefinitely. 
 
He said the fund was expected on average to earn 8 per cent to 9 per cent a year. 
 
Chief executive Adrian Orr acknowledged global markets were experiencing increased volatility and uncertainty. 
 
Global equity markets fell 6.49 per cent in August. 
 
Orr said the volatility would inevitably have an impact on  returns in the short term. 
 
"It is normal to see considerable volatility in our monthly and indeed annual returns. We remain focused on our long-term strategies. 
 
"As an agile and highly liquid investor, we are well positioned to manage short-term volatility, and will look to take advantage of market disruptions as they occur." 
 
The fund also exceeded its passive reference portfolio benchmark by $1.15b, or 4.45 per cent, over the year. 
    
- Stuff 
                  Comments

Pittsburgh's mayor wants to make sure holiday window relics, an icing bag that was used to make thumbprint cookies, and other artifacts from the downtown Macy's store live on after it closes later this month. 
 
Mayor Bill Peduto wrote a letter to the department store chain last week saying he wants all artifacts of historic value to be preserved, maintained and made available for public view, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reported . 
     
Peduto's chief of staff, Kevin Acklin, said the mayor stepped in after the city was notified that Macy's and its contractor were attempting to sell off some historical items from the landmark building, where the now-defunct Kaufmann's chain ran its flagship store for more than a century. 
     
But Macy's spokeswoman Elina Kazan said it was always the chain's intent to preserve the building's artifacts. Macy's has its own archivist sorting through the material and is working to safeguard the items, she said. 
     
"We knew the store housed a lot of history in it and it is an ongoing process," Kazan said. "We respect the legacy of Kaufmann's and what the downtown building signifies. We are exploring every avenue to allow Pittsburghers to still experience and enjoy it." 
     
Among the items the city is trying to preserve are Tic Toc and other Kaufmann's restaurant menus, an exterior brass store plaque, a salon chair and employee name tags. 
     
The building was acquired a decade ago by Macy's, which sold it to Core Realty for $15 million because it was only using a third of the space. The Philadelphia developer plans to convert it to apartments, a hotel and retail space. 
     
Randy Mineo, Core's executive vice president of leasing, said the firm is interested in setting aside a place in the building to display Kaufmann's and Macy's artifacts.

EVANSTON -- Northwestern got three field goals by Jack Mitchell and a touchdown run by quarterback Clayton Thorson to upset No. 21 Stanford 16-6 in a season-opening game for both teams Saturday. 
 
Thorson, a redshirt freshman making his first career start, completed 12 of 24 passes for 105 yards. The 6-foot-4, 220-pound quarterback rushed for 68 yards on eight carries, including a 42-yard touchdown run in the second quarter. 

Sophomore Justin Jackson rushed the ball 28 times for 134 yards to lead the Wildcats, while Stanford starting running back Christian McCaffery carried 12 times for 66 yards and fumbled once. 

Senior Christian Jones, who missed last season with a knee injury, caught five passes for 52 yards to lead Northwestern receivers. 

Georgia 51, Louisiana-Monroe 14 

ATHENS, Ga. -- Although the ninth-ranked Bulldogs weren't perfect and mistakes were made, they simply had too much offensive firepower and used it to roll over the Warhawks. 

Georgia sophomore Heisman Trophy candidate Nick Chubb picked up where he left of, rushing 16 times for 120 yards and two touchdowns while Greyson Lambert made his debut as the Bulldogs' starting quarterback and completed 8 of 12 passes for 144 yards and two scores, including one each to Malcolm Mitchell and Jeb Blazevich. 

Keith Marshall also enjoyed a big day. After playing in just three games last year after tearing his ACL in 2013 against Tennessee, Marshall rushed 10 times for 73 yards with two touchdowns. 

Ole Miss 76, UT-Marin 3 

OXFORD, Miss. -- Chad Kelly threw two touchdowns in the first half and the No. 17 Rebels rolled to a convincing win. 

Kelly dazzled the crowd of 60,186 fans at Vaught-Hemingway Stadium from the start, completing pass after pass to a wide array of weapons at his disposal. Kelly, the nephew of NFL Hall of Fame quarterback Jim Kelly, completed his first touchdown pass to Markell Pack. It covered 56 yards, with the majority of it coming through the air down the middle of the field. Kelly finished the first half 6-for-10 for 178 yards and he made up for an interception he threw in the third by running for a score a few minutes later. 

Kelly wasn't the only Rebel skill player who shined Saturday. Running back Jaylon Walton scored the first two times he touched the ball, while wide receiver Laquon Treadwell returned from a season-ending injury in 2014 in seamless fashion. 

Clemson 49, Wofford 10 

CLEMSON, S.C. -- Sophomore Deshaun Watson, playing in his first game since suffering a torn ACL last November, got off to a solid start, completing 18 of 22 passes for 194 yards and two touchdowns in limited duty as the No. 12 Tigers rolled past Wofford. 

While Watson appeared completely healed from ACL surgery last December, the Tigers' post-game concern focused on the health of junior wide receiver Mike Williams. He snagged a 4-yard touchdown pass from Watson to cap Clemson's game-opening drive, but suffered a neck injury on the play when he collided with the goalpost support. Williams remained on the ground for approximately 15 minutes before being placed on a stretcher and carted off the field. 

Williams, who led Clemson with 1,030 receiving yards last season, raised his right arm as he left the field, but was hastened to a nearby hospital for evaluation.

Mosquito-borne virus killed 94-year-old Laurel woman, the city says. She was the second victim of the disease in Maryland this year. 
 
Start the conversation, or Read more at Patch.com. 
            
 Add your comments below  
                 
Copyright © 2015 Topix LLC

LOS ANGELES 

Most of these regulations require that 100% of snacks and beverages at sites that serve youth or are on city owned property, must meet USDA-specified nutrition standards. It also requires city-contracted vending machines to have their snacks and beverages meet the same health guidelines.

The Smart Choice

AVT is the leader in healthy vending systems. The company is the original supplier to some of the nation's leading healthy vending franchise operations, and has more expertise in this arena than virtually any other manufacturer. 

AVT also has patented technologies to make life easier for a vending operator, including wireless communications, innovative displays that provide nutritional information on all items, as well as a turnkey system to run advertising and/or promote the health benefits of the nutritional products inside the machine.

"If you are a vending operator or want to get into the vending business, I urge you to get the details on our healthy vending solutions," said Wayne Salvino 

For information on AVT, call (877) 424-3663, or visit: www.autoretail.com. 

Connect:

Facebook: www.facebook.com/AVTInc 

Twitter: @AVTIncCA

Media Inquiries

Innovation Agency

www.inov8.us 

hello(at)inov8.us

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cities-throughout-america-create-important-new-vending-regulations-300136898.html

SOURCE AVT, Inc.

We use cookies on our website.  To learn more about cookies, how to use them on our site and how to change your cookies settings, please read our cookie policy .  By accepting you are giving your consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookies policy.

Salvador “I don’t do drugs I am drugs” Dalí painting The Face of War, 1941  

 
  
 Portrait of three newsboys smoking outside Skeeter’s Branch, at Jefferson near Franklin Avenue at 11 in the morning, St. Louis, MO, May 9, 1910.  

 

 
  
 Princess Diana shakes hands with an AIDS patient without gloves, a profound gesture that made her a gay hero. “It is hard to find words to express the aching loneliness and rejection I have found them experiencing as they approach the end of their lives…How will we treat them?”  

 
  
 Hitler hated this photo and felt his knees were too knobby and his legs hairless and pale, and ordered the photo and negatives destroyed.  

 
  
 Dr. Oilver Sacks, neurobiologist and author of “The Man Who Mistook His Wife For a Hat”, does a full squat with 600 pounds, setting a state record back in 1961.  

 
  
 Franz Reichelt attempts a Base Jump from the Eiffel Tower and falls to his death 1912 ( video )  

 
  
 A “Bathing Machine”. If people were shy about walking from the changing room down to the beach in these (very revealing) bathing suits, you could get in a bathing machine which would be winched down into the ocean, from which you could then exit into the water.  

 
  
 Mary Hemingway with some more of Ernest’s 23 cats.  

 
  
 “Momma Ruth,” a seamstress who makes robes for the Ku Klux Klan in the process of taking an robe order for an Imperial Wizard (an officer within the KKK).  

 
  
 Brigitte Bardot in a pub in London (1968), snapped by a paparazzo.  

 
  
 Synthetic Street in Seattle, Washington. An entire fake street and park built to camouflage an underground B-17 factory during WWII.  

 
  
 German guns pounding Dover, WWII.  

 
  
 Harvey Ball, creator of the Smiley Face  

 
  
 WWI: A German member of a “Trench Attack Squad” poses in steel body armor and two stick grenades. The armor, capable of stopping a pistol round but only superficially helpful against rifle fire, also helped protecting against bayonet and other edged weapons thrusts. The additional weight though fatigued the wearer quickly and defeated any tactical advantage he might have wearing it.  

 
  
 A police officer on a Harley-Davidson transports a prisoner in a mobile holding cell (1921)  

 
  
 A 1890’s telephone tower  

 
  
 Housewife Barbara Dunlap under the effects of LSD. She is a volunteer in a psychiatric research study regarding the effect of LSD conducted by the International Federation for Internal Freedom, Cambridge, Massachusetts, February 1963.  

 
  
 Musician Kurt Cobain with poet William Burroughs, 1993  

 
  
 Marilyn Monroe wearing the (sheer, tight, skin-color) dress that made the audience gasp when she sang “Happy Birthday, Mr. President”. It was so tight fitting, that she reportedly wore nothing underneath. May 19, 1962  

 
  
 The Mona Lisa is stolen from the Louvre in Paris by museum worker Vincenzo Peruggia who hid in a broom closet and walked out with it hidden under his coat. August 1911  

 

 
  
 Behind the scenes of 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)  

 
  
 The1958 Hong Kong Cha-Cha Champion: Bruce Lee  

 
  
 Osama Bin Laden and his judo masters  

 
  
 The early Micky Mouse drawing by Walt Disney  

 
  
 The Beatles’ last concert 1969 ( video )  

 
The post 25 Fascinating Photos Collected From History appeared first on Caveman Circus .

The Samaritan Sleep Disorders Center’s Annual Sleep Apnea Treatment Fair is set for 6 to 8 p.m. on Wednesday, Sept. 23. 

Whether you have sleep apnea, suspect you have it or know someone who does, this event provides attendees with a way to learn more about condition and treatments in one location. 

Attendees will have the opportunity to browse treatment options, speak to sleep medicine experts, tour the Sleep Disorders Center and see a demonstration of at-home sleep testing gear. 

This free event will be held in conference rooms A and B at Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center, 3600 NW Samaritan Drive, Corvallis. 
 
Mark Reploeg, M.D., a sleep specialist from The Corvallis Clinic and medical director for the Samaritan Sleep Disorders Center, will give opening remarks at 6 p.m. 

For more information, call 541-768-5260 or visit samhealth.org/Sleep.

Freshman midfielder Mason Morise (number #17 in the photo) has scored the lone goal for Memphis in two games this season. Photo by Joe Murphy 
   
The Memphis Tigers men’s soccer team knew they were in for a challenge in Friday night’s season opener against UAB, so while the 3-1 loss wasn’t what the Tigers hoped for it wasn’t any cause for concern either. 
 
That may have changed a little bit Monday afternoon following Memphis’ 1-0 loss at home to Northern Kentucky, who finished 6-10-4 against a relatively weak schedule a season ago. The loss gives Memphis an 0-2 record on the young season, and with three road games against difficult teams coming up next on the schedule the Tigers will have to figure things out sooner rather than later. 
 
Perhaps the most notable issue with the Tigers in the early goings of the season has been the team’s finishing ability, or lack thereof. In both losses Memphis has out-shot their opponents — 21-8 vs. UAB and 13-9 against Northern Kentucky. However, of those 34 shots only one has resulted in a goal.  
 
“The quality in the final third again for the second straight game wasn’t there, and I think to correct that you just get on the practice field and work on crossing and finishing, as basic as that is,” head coach Richard Mulrooney said about the team’s finishing in the first two games. “We are creating the opportunities. It’s just a matter of finally putting the ball in the back of the net.” 
 
Despite scoring only one goal in two games, Memphis’ offense has actually been pretty solid. The Tigers are controlling possession for stretches and are able to set up goal-scoring opportunities. Once the U of M is able to actually finish those opportunities they should be fine, but until that happens they’re going to need spectacular performances from the defense to have a shot at winning games. 
 
Much like the offense, the defense has been doing its job outside of one glaring weakness — set pieces. Of the four goals given up by the Memphis defense, three have come as a direct result of a corner or free kick.  
 
In the opener, the Tigers were tied 1-1 with UAB until the Blazers scored twice in two minutes off of two set pieces. Set piece offense is something of a specialty for the Blazers — Mulrooney likened it to the NBA’s Golden State Warriors and three-point shooting — but then Monday afternoon the Blue and Gray found themselves victims of a set play score yet again when Northern Kentucky’s Calvin Murphy headed in a free kick in the 64th minute for the game-winner, signaling that it could be a problem with Memphis’ defensive execution rather than just the opponent’s proficiency. 
 
“In the box we have to be tighter and fight for the ball, because obviously we are being beaten to the ball and physically beaten in getting on the end of those, and it’s just a matter of that’s unacceptable,” Mulrooney said. “You have to have a will to stop the other team, and obviously we haven’t gotten that yet.” 
 
Mulrooney is also experimenting with making personnel changes on the defensive end, with sophomore Jake Leeker earning the start in goal Monday afternoon in place of incumbent senior Cody Uzcategui. The head coach noted that there was a close race between the two in preseason for the starting goalkeeper job, and he could continue to give both players looks until one asserts himself as the man for the job. 
 
Outside of small mistakes the Tigers played well enough to win both of their first two games, and with a difficult upcoming schedule failure to capitalize on those opportunities could come back to bite them. 
 
Memphis’ next four games all come on the road, and each is against a 2014 NCAA Tournament team. The U of M will face No. 14 Saint Louis, SIU-Edwardsville, Kentucky and No. 15 Louisville in the difficult stretch, and if the current issues aren’t corrected the Tigers could easily see their two-game slide snowball into a much longer streak. 
 
The Tigers are familiar with each of their next four opponents except Kentucky, having faced Louisville in an exhibition last season and defeated both SIU-Edwardsville and Saint Louis in the regular season. 
 
According to Mulrooney, both the familiarity with the opponents and the added pressure of needing a win could bring the best out of the Tigers in the difficult games this weekend. 
 
“I see it as just a big challenge, I really do,” the second-year head coach said. “I don’t see it as something that we can’t overcome. These next two games are teams that we beat last year, and I know that’s last year and I know it was at home, but the confidence should be there that we can play with these teams because we did it last year.” 
 
Memphis will travel to St. Louis to take on the Billikens Friday evening, with kickoff set for 7 p.m. The Tigers will then have a quick turnaround before playing SIU-Edwardsville at 1 p.m. Sunday.

DETROIT , Sept. 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Michigan -made movie Golden Shoes, starring Dina Meyer , Eric Roberts , David DeLuise , Christian Koza , Montel Williams and Aedin Mincks , with Vivica A. Fox and John Rhys-Davies , will have its red carpet premier on September 24, 2015 with the cast, media and fans in attendance at the Emagine Theater in Novi, Michigan . Montel Williams , Vivica A. Fox and Christian Koza are confirmed to walk the red carpet! 

As long as he could remember, eight-year-old Christian Larou ( Christian Koza ) dreamed of being a great soccer player like his idol, Cristiano Ronaldo . When his father is deployed to Afghanistan , his mother is hospitalized and he's subjected to intense bullying at school, Christian pours himself into the game he loves. With the help of some very special shoes, can Christian lead his team to the championship, inspire an entire nation, and bring his family together again? Don't miss this amazing film and find out if Christian Larou's dream of becoming the new Cristiano Ronaldo comes true! 
   
Written and directed by Lance Kawas ( Fractured ), Golden Shoes , the Dove-family-approved movie for ages 12+, arrives on Digital HD from Starz Digital Sept. 25 and on DVD and On Demand Oct. 6 from Anchor Bay Entertainment. Christian Koza ( Fractured ) overcomes numerous obstacles to achieve his dream of becoming a great soccer player in this inspirational film, also starring Dina Meyer ( Starship Troopers ), Eric Roberts ( The Dark Night , "Heroes"), David DeLuise ("The Wizards of Waverly Place"), talk show host Montel Williams , Aedin Mincks (" A.N.T. Farm "), with Vivica A. Fox ( Kill Bill Vol . 1 , Independence Day ) and John Rhys-Davies ( The Lord of the Rings franchise, Raiders of the Lost Ark ). 

WHEN: 



Thursday, Sept. 24, 2015 

  

Press Call – 6:00pm 

  

Red Carpet Arrival – 6:30pm 

  

Screening – 7:00pm 

WHERE: 


Emagine Novi 

  

444425 Twelve Mile Rd. 

  

Novi, MI 48377 

Visit the Golden Shoes Movie Facebook page: 
https://www.facebook.com/GoldenShoesSoccerMovie 

If you plan to Tweet this story, please use #GoldenShoesMovie and mention the official Golden Shoes handle @goldenshoemovie 

To view the movie trailer  and purchase tickets visit: http://www.goldenshoesmovie.com 

Toobular, Inc for Norman Koza Productions: 
Michael Frazier  
Email , 305-792-7172 

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150921/269020  
Logo -  http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150921/269021LOGO  

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/anchor-bay-entertainment-and-norman-koza-productions-announce-golden-shoes-movie-red-carpet-premiere-september-24-2015-300146917.html 

SOURCE  Norman Koza Productions

Psychologists have identified a mental glitch that exposes us financially. Photo: Robert Zuckerman Touchstone Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer, Inc.  Source: Supplied  
        
 THOUSANDS of struggling Australians are trapped in a debt vortex with cards maxed out and no way of getting out of the red.  
   
The Consumer Action Law Centre’s financial counselling helpline receives more than 5000 calls a year from people struggling with credit card debt, with 50 per cent facing bills of more than 

$10,000. 

“Every week, we hear from someone with credit card debt exceeding $100,000,” said the centre’s policy officer Katherine Temple told the Federal Government’s credit card inquiry, which held its second hearing in Melbourne yesterday. 

And it’s not just the vulnerable or uneducated who are at risk of being sucked in, she said; a simple psychological glitch puts us all at risk. 

The “optimism bias” kicks in when we are weighing up our options to make a purchase or financial decision. 
      
 That Gucci bag isn’t going to pay for itself.  Source: Supplied  
    
Put simply, it means that we over-estimate our ability to pay for something in the future if we don’t have to worry about it for the time being. 

It makes us less likely to care about a higher interest rate that will kick in 12 months down the track, or to factor in the possibility that an unforeseen disaster could obliterate our ability to pay. 

“It’s quite calculated,” said Ms Temple. 

“We need structural change, to make sure people aren’t being given credit cards that they can’t afford to repay.” 

Ms Temple said tougher lending rules were needed, to stop banks from heaping massive debt on people who would never be able to pay them off. 

“The optimism bias means that we have a tendency to over-estimate our capacity to pay,” she said. 

“That’s why balance transfers are so attractive — it’s basically free money (in people’s minds).” 

The Australian Securities and Investments Commission acknowledged this phenomenon in its submission to the inquiry, noting: that “people with strong optimism or present biases might begin with the intention of always paying off their balance in full and, based on this intention, may disregard the interest rate on a card in the belief they will not need to pay any interest.” 
     
 If Carrie Bradshaw was real, there’s a fair chance she’d be calling a debt crisis line.  Source: News Corp Australia  
    
Consumer advocates say the banks are taking advantage of human nature, profiting from the mental glitch that leaves us vulnerable. 

Ms Temple said that along with clearer product descriptions, credit card providers should be forced to base their eligibility assessment on whether the customer can pay off the maximum limit in full, to account for consumers’ behavioural biases. 

“At the moment, it’s based on whether you can pay the monthly minimum,” she said. 

“So if something happens — like job loss, or you get sick, or you have a relationship breakdown — you can find yourself in trouble.” 

Like Carl Cavarra, the out-of-work tradie who is facing potential bankruptcy over a $90,000 debt. 

The 34-year-old owes thousands on five different credit cards, on top of a hefty car loan, all approved while he was working fulltime as a bricklayer. 

And while he was able to afford the minimum payments on these debts while employed, a bad turn of luck left him stuck in a debt spiral. 

After seven years of physical labour, the bricklayer suffered a triple hernia that required surgery, bed rest — and left his earning capacity in limbo. 

Despite incurring the injury through repeated heavy lifting on the job, Mr Cavarra said, WorkCover deemed his case one of “wear and tear”, so he received no compensation. 

On doctor’s orders, he abandoned his career, moved back in with his parents and started an unsuccessful 10-month search for a new job. 
     
 Melbourne’s Carl Cavarra is facing potential bankruptcy over his $90,000 debt.  Source: NewsComAu  
    
Unable to make his $1600 monthly loans repayments while living on a $489 a fortnight Centrelink allowance, Mr Cavarra found himself racking up even more debt by putting his living expenses on his credit cards — which have interest rates of between 18 and 23 per cent. 

In the end, the cards were maxed out and the creditors came knocking. 

“I’ve asked to consolidate my debts so I can make one payment, but the banks refuse,” he said. 

“They want it paid off in five years, but that’s impossible.” 

Without a job — despite having applied for hundreds this year — he was not eligible for a balance transfer. 

“I reckon if I don’t find a job by the end of this year, I will have to go bankrupt. I don’t want to do that.” 

It’s this situation that the Consumer Action Law Centre argues should be prevented by more stringent lending rules. 

While it may have been imprudent for Mr Cavarra to saddle himself with so much debt, not giving himself leeway for unforeseen circumstances that could impact his ability to pay, he is far from alone. 

Australians owe a collective $32 billion on their credit cards , with the average card holder paying $700 a year in interest on debts that hover around $4,300. 

And many of them have no idea how much interest rate they are paying; a survey of 2200 credit card users by ME bank found that 73 per cent did not know their interest rate and 40 per cent did not know if their card had an annual fee. 

Inquiry chairman and Labor senator Sam Dastyari accused the banks of running a “confusopoly”, with credit cards marketed in a way that makes it hard for consumers to work out whether they are getting a good deal, amid all the bells and whistles of reward points schemes and promotions. 

Consumer group Choice called for credit card advertising to include the monthly cost for a consumer with an average card balance, in dollars, based on the interest rate and annual fee. 

The credit card inquiry will report its finding to the Senate Economics References Committee by November 24. 

If you are struggling to pay your debts, you can speak to an independent financial counsellor free of charge by phoning 1800 007 007. 

dana.mccauley@news.com.au 
 Originally published as Mental glitch that’s making us spend

Channel News Asia  Saturday 5th September, 2015  
 BEIRUT: Druze gunmen in southern Syria killed six government security personnel during violent protests after a Druze leader and dozens of people died in two car bomb blasts overnight, a monitor said on Saturday.The two explosions late on Friday and ensuing protests killed at least 37 people in and around the town of Sweida, a stronghold of Syria's Druze minority, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights told Reuters.Druze leader Sheikh Wahid al-Balous, who had opposed the Syrian government and insurgents fighting it, was killed by one of the bombs on the outskirts of Sweida, the ...

Here are my 2 #GBBO pastry week inspired recipes for Bake with Stork’s Baking Academy – one savoury and one sweet – hopefully something for everyone! 
 

 
Mediterranean Veg & Feta Tart 
 
If the sunshine seems to have disappeared wherever you are then a slice of this means you can taste it instead! 
 

 
Apple Custard Tart 
 
Using a simple technique to finish this tart with stunning Apple Blooms – a surefire stunner. 
 
Ruth 
 
x 
 
Ruth Clemens, Baker Extraordinaire

Lagos — It was a three-day trading week as the Federal Government of Nigeria declared Thursday 24th and Friday 25th of September, 2015 as Public Holiday in commemoration of the Eid-el-Kabir Sallah Celebration.

Transaction in equities segment of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) ended the week with N72 billion gains.

The index movement indicates that the NSE All-Share Index and market capitalization appreciated by 0.69 per cent to close on Wednesday at 30,543.17 and N10.497 trillion respectively. Similarly, all the indices finished higher during the week with the exception of the NSE Banking and NSE Pension Indices that shed 0.66 per cent and 0.28 per cent respectively, while the NSE Alternative Securities Market Index closed flat.

Analysts at Meristem Securities Limited opined that the positive mood in the market may not be unrelated to the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) resolutions to reduce the cash reserve ratio by 6 per cent, to enhance liquidity in the system.

"We expect profit taking to dominate activities in the coming week, given the positive run in the market lately."

While analysts at APT Securities and Funds Limited expected the index to remain stable, maintaining the current trend and with greater possibilities of closing positive in the next trading week (four trading sessions) on expected activities in the nation's governance and fiscal frontlines.

When the trading resume on Monday, speculative activities stopped the upward movement of the local bourse, as investors booked profit from previous gains.

At the end of trading, equities value depreciated by N23 billion, while All Share Index decline by 66.78 basis points represented 0.22 per cent.

The market capitalization of 190 listed equities on the exchange slumped to N10.402 trillion from N10.425 trillion it opened, while the All Share Index dropped to 30,265.90 points from 30,332.68 points it opened.

Market activity as measured by volume and value traded on low level seeing that volume decreased by 47.35 per cent to 175.564 million units while value declined by 55.69 per cent to N1.556 billion.

The financial services sector dominate volume and value, driven by transactions in Unic Insurance Plc which traded 30.003 million shares worth N19.002 million, followed by UBA Plc with 18.809 million units of share valued at N78.858 million, Access Bank Plc with 18.268 million shares at N95.116 million, Zenith Bank traded 17.006 million shares worth N307.825 million and Guaranty Trust Bank Plc with 14.274 million shares worth N349.689 million.

However, transaction on the bourse resumed positive trading on Tuesday with N55 billion gained.

The market capitalization of 190 listed equities on the exchange rose to N10.4057 trillion from N10.402 trillion it opened, while the All Share Index dropped to 30,426.10 points from 30,265.90 points it opened.

Market activity as measured by volume and value traded close higher with 207.591 million shares valued at N3.136 billion transacted in 3,262 deals compared to 144.421 million shares worth N1.133 billion in 2,403 deals recorded on Monday.

The financial services sector dominate volume and value, driven by transactions in UBA Plc which traded 341.729 million shares worth N176.514 million, followed by Guaranty Trust Bank Plc with 32.152 million units of share valued at N786.294 million, Zenith Bank Plc with 22.576 million shares at N408.532 million and FBN Holdings traded 19.989 million shares worth N125.997 million.

Local bourse sustained the positive ride on Wednesday on the back of MPC's easing stance which ultimately improved market liquidity and a better outlook for the banking stocks.

Consequently, the benchmark index gained 38 basis points to close at 30,543.17 points; market capitalization also gained N40.3 billion to settle at N10.497 trillion. Market activity increased as volume traded rose 138.9 per cent to 466.9 million units while value traded improved 40.3 per cent to N4.4 billion. Market breadth increase as 22 stocks advanced while 24 stocks declined.

Oil & Gas sector emerged top gainer as share price appreciation in Forte Oil supported gains in the Oil & Gas sector, emerging the top gainer for day with a return of 1.3 per cent. The Industrial sector returned 0.8 per cent on the back of gains in Dangote Cement. The financial services sector returned 0.2 per cent while consumer sector closed flat.

Meanwhile, a turnover of 850.095 million shares worth N9.060 billion in 9,414 deals were traded this week by investors on the floor of the exchange in contrast to a total of 1.384 billion shares valued at N13.862 billion that exchanged hands last week in 17,984 deals.

The Financial Services Industry (measured by volume) led the activity chart with 726.294 million shares valued at N6.058 billion traded in 5,086 deals; thus contributing 85.44 per cent and 66.87 per cent to the total equity turnover volume and value respectively. The Consumer Goods Industry followed with a turnover of 38.681 million shares worth N1.790 billion in 1,895 deals. The third place was occupied by the Conglomerates Industry with 37.874 million shares worth N224.698 billion in 538 deals.

Trading in the top three equities namely Zenith Bank Plc, United Bank for Africa Plc and Sterling Bank Plc (measured by volume) accounted for 334.012 million shares worth N3.674 billion in 1,472 deals, contributing 39.29 per cent and 40.56 per cent to the total equity turnover volume and value respectively.

Also traded during the week were a total of 11,454 units of Exchange Traded Products (ETPs) valued at N449,180.74 executed in 13 deals compared with a total of 1,189 units valued at N1.282 million transacted last week in 24 deals.

There was no bond trade recorded this week under review. However, a total of 3,750 units valued at N3.299 million transacted last week in 4 deals.

Summary of price changes shows that 29 equities appreciated in price during the week, lower than 56 equities of the preceding week. Thirty-six equities depreciated in price, higher than 22 equities of the preceding week, while 125 equities remained unchanged, higher than 112 equities recorded in the preceding week. E-Tranzact International Plc led gainers chart with 13.17 per cent per share to close at N2.75 kobo, followed by NEM Insurance Company Nigeria Plc with 7.69 per cent to close at N0.70 kobo, Seplat Petroleum Development Company Plc with 6.25 per cent to close at N255.00 kobo, Axamansard Insurance Plc with 5.00 per cent to close at N2.73 per share and UACN Property Development Company Plc with 4.99 per cent to close at N7.79 kobo per share.

Others on the chart are, Forte Oil Plc with 4.89 per cent to close at N239.99 kobo, Portland Paints and Products Nigeria Plc with 4.87 per cent to close at N4.31 kobo, Paints and Coatings Manufactures Plc with 4.84 per cent to close at N1.30 kobo, Custodian and Allied Plc with 4.68 per cent to close at N4.25 kobo, and Cutix Plc with 4.38 per cent to close at N1.67 kobo.

On the other hand Trans Nationwide Express Plc led on the losers table with9.09 per cent loss to close at N1.20 kobo, Flour Mills Nigeria Plc lost 6.86 per cent to close at N22.00 kobo, Honeywell Flour Mills Plc with 6.12 per cent to close at N2.30 kobo, UAC of Nigeria Plc with 5.72 per cent to close at N30.00 kobo per share Eterna Plc with 5.64 per cent to close at N1.84 kobo.

Others on the chart are, Vitafoam Nigeria Plc with 5.13 per cent to close at N5.55 kobo, Champion Breweries Plc with 4.97 to close at N4.40 kobo, Interlinked Technologies Plc with 4.97 to close at N4.21 kobo, Morison Industries Plc with 4.95 per cent to close at N1.73 kobo per share and National Aviation Handling Company Plc with 4.85 per cent loss to end the week with N4.51 kobo per share.

Sep.  28, 2015 
     
Syngenta has just launched in the Brazilian market the fungicide Priori Top to protect the crop of coffee. The product is a combination of two active ingredients: Azoxistrobina and Difenoconazol. The promise is to bring "high performance for the crop management during flowering and a yield increase". 
 
"Syngenta strengthens even more its portfolio for the coffee crop. Priori Top improves the fruit set and allows the producer to reap more grain healthy and free of disease, helping to increase the yield, which is one of the pillars of the Good Growth Plan and our Plan of Sustainable Agriculture," affirms Philipp Schudt, portfolio manager at Syngenta. 
 
The consultant of Agrocafe distributor, Rogner Avelar, testifies that this is an "indispensable tool to control flowering due to the combined action of the two active ingredients that are in the composition, Priori Top acts on the immediate protection as well as on the long-term, becoming an important ally to the coffee grower for a better fruit set". 
 
Priori Top already has a recognized efficacy controlling diseases on other crops controlling Mycosphaerella areola and Colletotrichum gossypii on cotton. For the citrus segment, the benefits of the use of the product are related to control PFD on citrus that could bring yields up to 50% higher. 
 
Since the beginning of September, Syngenta has held events in the states of São Paulo, Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo to introduce the Priori Top technology to farmers. Gathering approximately 280,000 farmers and adding 2.2 million hectares on average in Brazil, the crop has big representation of small coffee growers (70% of the market).

Skyrocket Silver Stacker From: Melbourne Registered: 2014-07-20 Posts: 1,296 Trades :   22  Re: 1987 Billy Meier foretold Russia will attack and conquer Iran Forgot to say that on the other side of that page in that book I took photo of is "some" of the prophecies regarding the fanatics of Islam (IS/ISIS/ISIL) that will cause great trouble in EU nations. There are about 10 pages and I'm not going to photo all of them. people can see from those two pages there I took photo of that they are exact section of what is here in their entirety - http://www.theyfly.com/henoch-prophecies  There is the proof for that too regarding my other Meier thread - "1987 Billy Meier prophesied events we now starting to see in France" http://forums.silverstackers.com/topic- … rance.html
And now we are seeing all these BS refugees flooding into the EU where no doubt MANY would be IS members. As I said in another (non Meier) thread, this is a dream come true for IS this happening, and there is NO way to tell them apart from the other refugees entering. Sleepers waiting for their orders is what they are.
Those Meier prophecies regarding IS are going to be as good as fulfilled now, precisely as Meier prophecized there in my other Meier thread.
No one here can say Meier is also making that up about IS (fanatics of Islam) as he goes along.
He published all that in 1987, and there is the undisputable proof from 2004. Copyright is copyright. There is no way around it. Last edited by Skyrocket (Today 00:38:49)

That trip to the US is going to get more expensive because the Aussie dollar is headed downwards toward 60 US cents in the coming year. 

Recent share market turmoil, worries about the Chinese economy and the looming interest rate rise by the US Federal Reserve have sent financial institutions scrambling to downgrade their Australian dollar forecasts. 

All of the big four banks, and most of the others, now say it will drop well below 70 US cents in the coming six months. 

The Aussie dollar has lost around a quarter of its value in the past 12 months, from 94 US cents last September. 

AMP Capital chief economist Shane Oliver is one of the many predicting the Aussie dollar could fall further. 

"Notwithstanding occasional bounces, the broad trend in the Australian dollar is likely to remain down as the Fed is still likely to raise rates sometime in the next six months," he said. 

"The Australian dollar is expected to fall to 60 US cents in the next year or so, with the risk that it will go even lower." 

Dr Oliver said the large share market falls of late aren't over, which will put added downward pressure on the local currency. 

The good news is that a lower Australian dollar boosts exports by making them cheaper, increases tourism from overseas and makes locally produced goods more competitive with imports. 

UBS economists Scott Haslem and George Tharenou said tourism was already emerging as one of the economy's bright spots. 

"The Australian dollar's steady move lower from over parity with the US dollar in mid-2011 has been a key driver, and its sharp decline over the past month is likely to underpin a further pick-up in tourism activity," UBS said. 

"For overseas arrivals, growth has picked up from being flat in 2011 when the Australian dollar was near parity." 

St George was the only institution surveyed by AAP to say that the Aussie dollar would be above its current level of 71 US cents by the end of the year. 

"In our view, markets have taken an overly pessimistic view on the outlook for China, the domestic economy and interest rates," senior economist Janu Chan said. 

"We are maintaining our end-of-year forecast at 73 US cents, but we recognise that downside risks exist for our forecast while sentiment remains fragile." 

Ms Chan said that while a rebound in the Australian dollar was likely, she didn't expect a sustained rally. 

"It will likely come under downward pressure over the course of 2016, as the tightening cycle of the Federal Reserve takes hold and we expect the Australian dollar to track close to 70 US cents throughout early next year."

How does a small town like Sausalito (7,000 residents) take advantage of tourism and the economic benefits it generates, but also manage the influx of visitors? How do we provide the infrastructure to support and welcome a million visitors every year, but not be overwhelmed by them? It’s called “sustainable tourism” and in my opinion it is an attainable state; it has in fact been very successful in other communities. There are lessons to be learned. 

 
The tourists are not going to go away. Sausalito is a world class destination. No one wants to be the “anti-tourist, unfriendly” Marin County city. Even Sausalito civic leaders will say they are not opposed to tourism as they recognize the fiscal benefits associated with it. But most agree it needs to be better managed; whether it’s the bicyclists descending into town after an iconic ride across the Golden Gate Bridge, the hundreds of thousands getting off the ferry from San Francisco every year (it is, after all ranked by travel writers as the second most spectacular ferry ride in the world) or those arriving by car to dine along the waterfront, or catching a shuttle to the legendary Muir Woods. Sausalito is a gateway to the famous California wine country and west Marin. It is a popular and much heralded destination – by land or by sea. 

 
To be clear, I am not opposed to tourism. I am proud of what Sausalito has to offer and believe our city could not thrive as it does without the dollars these visitors bring to town. Between the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) that the city collects from restaurants, hotels and retailers (over a $1 million a year) and the other taxes and fees that businesses in Sausalito generate, it is estimated that 50% of the City’s operational budget is derived from local business, specifically the tourist/hospitality industry in town. Sausalito would be hard pressed to find alternative resources to fund their infrastructure improvements, parks, libraries and other city services if it weren’t for the income our visitors generate. 

 Managing Not Deterring Tourism 
 
I do believe that Sausalito needs to manage its tourism industry better and not deter it. A bike valet program is great, but right in the middle of an already congested three-block area in the center of town? The city needs to move the masses from this crowded area of downtown where the ferry lands, the buses park and the taxis wait. Spreading the transport support system even a few blocks further north would ease the current grid lock. 

 
Driving more commerce to Caledonia and other parts of town is not a bad idea as it expands Sausalito’s corridor of commerce. Staging shuttles and bike parking at Cavallo Point or further north, offering ferry and water taxi service in other areas, taking advantage of bicycle trailers where tourists can drop their bikes and not worry about getting them back to the city are all possible solutions. Even investing in infrastructure and improvements in the Marin Ship (red flag, red flag!) would all be wise considerations. I am not suggesting we pave paradise and put up a parking lot, but a walking and bike path along the shoreline would help relieve some of the downtown congestion. 

 
No one wants taxis and tour buses taking over neighborhoods or souvenir shops and bars displacing pharmacies and green grocers as they have in Venice and Barcelona. Sausalito has done a decent job of controlling growth through their zoning – no big box stores or “chain stores” have been allowed for years; ostensibly, only independent retailers are allowed (although the formula retail ordinance is often loosely interpreted and needs revision). Tour buses are required to exit town to the north, not the south; there are more bike racks; there are bicycle ambassadors. The Chamber has done a stellar job of assisting with the downtown congestion via their information kiosk and working with Golden Gate Transit to manage the bicycle loading on and off the ferries. 

 
I am not suggesting that nothing has been done. There is at long last even a Marin Ship Steering Committee to suggest revisions to the Marin Ship plan which is seriously outdated.  Strides have been made; just not enough or fast enough. 

 Low Volume-High Value Tourism 
 
In a great New York Times article by Elizabeth Becker (July 17, 2015), the author chronicles how other cities are tackling the problem. Denmark, she notes, welcomed over 9 million tourists last year; they have a population of fewer than 6 million. They have “quiet zones” in residential sections of Copenhagen; they have prohibited foreigners from buying vacation homes in their coastal areas and they have a bicycle-friendly transportation system to include tourists and locals alike. 

 
In France, the most visited country in the world, tourism has actually contributed to the protection and nurturing of the country’s culture, landscape and quality of life. As Becker writes: “In practical terms, that means tourism is promoted and subsidized, but also regulated, at all levels of government, in all matters of policy.” 

 
The Effiel Tower is the most heavily visited paid attraction in the world, with 7 million visitors a year. Tickets are limited and timed, security it discreet but significant, loitering is forbidden and street vendors are strictly regulated. Paris is first and foremost for Parisians but still welcomes and manages its tourists. Sausalito should do the same. 

 
Granted these are larger cities, but the issues are the same and perhaps more dramatic in a smaller town such as Sausalito. 

 
The key concept is low volume, high value tourism quality vs. quantity. More discerning visitors who spend more time and more money in town and low impact local businesses that drive high-volume dollars. Clearly there needs to be more conscientious consideration at City Hall when it comes to what sorts of businesses are let into town. Business should be resident serving as well as tourist friendly. 

 
Campaigns that target more high value tourism and generate tourist traffic during off-seasons and mid-week could help, as would special events in slower seasons that bring well-heeled visitors to town. Sausalito has a limited number of hotel rooms and even fewer large event spaces, but by targeting corporate meeting planners, destination management companies and bringing in small to medium groups on expense accounts who stay for more than an ice cream cone and a day seems to be a viable approach for cultivating a different tourist clientele. 

 Leadership at City Hall 
 
Most importantly, as I have noted in previous blog posts, there needs to be more leadership at City Hall, more governance and more effort to promote sustainable tourism. There is a city appointed Hospitality Committee, a Business Advisory Committee, a Chamber of Commerce – there are many bodies in place that can work together to better balance the impact of tourism. And they need to be supported by our civic leaders.  

 
While I am all for managing tourism in a sustainable fashion, I am not an advocate of the current petition circulating in Sausalito which calls for a ballot initiative next year which would force City Hall to adopt a plan for dealing with tourism. In my mind, tourism is a constant issue for the city, it should always be on their agenda and a serious budget issue based on the demand it places on city services, but not something forced by the voters in an election year. City Hall should always be working on striking a balance and achieving sustainable tourism. 

 
The City of Sausalito should adopt a better plan, as residents have argued, but making it a ballot issue politicizes an already divisive town further in my mind. I do however agree with local resident Russ Irwin however, when he says “tourism will shape us if we don’t shape it.”

FinanceInvestments Foreign Investors Enabled to Own Shares in UAE’s National Telecommunication Company
August 20, 2015
Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter In an historic move, UAE Federal Law No. 01 of 1991 has been amended by Federal Decree by Law No. 03 of 2015, and new Articles of Association have been issued by the UAE Cabinet of Ministers. The amendments introduce momentous changes, including the possibility of foreign investors owning shares in Etisalat Group, while Etisalat’s legal name will change to Emirates Telecommunications Group Company PJSC, but will continue to be known as Etisalat Group.
These changes allow for legal persons, including institutions, in the United Arab Emirates, or UAE government agencies, or other legal persons, to own shares in Etisalat. Also, non-national individuals and entities may own up to 20 percent of Etisalat Group’s shares, subject to the approval of the Etisalat Group Board of Directors. However, restrictions in respect of voting rights shall be applied to the shares owned by non-nationals and such shares shall not hold any voting rights at Etisalat Group’s general assembly although holders of such shares may attend general assembly meetings.
Commenting on the changes, Eissa Al Suwaidi, Chairman, Etisalat Group, said, “The approval to allow institutional and foreign ownership of Etisalat Group’s equity will have a positive impact for both Etisalat Group’s shareholders and the Stock Exchange. It also sends out a strong signal that the UAE is open for business and will enhance Etisalat brand recognition around the world.”
In addition to ordinary shares, a “Special Share” will be issued to the Federal Government of the UAE (the “Special Shareholder”), pursuant to the approval of Etisalat Group’s Board of Directors. Etisalat Group will also be entitled to issue different classes of shares. Other than the issuance of the Special Share, Etisalat Group does not intend to issue any additional shares at this time.
Ahmad Julfar, Group Chief Executive Officer, Etisalat, added that the move will enable Etisalat to continue to invest in the innovative products and services which customers demand and are vital in the highly competitive global telecommunications sector.
“As a result, I am confident that Etisalat will go from strength to strength and continue delivering long-term value to our shareholders,” he said.
Some of the other material changes include the ability for Etisalat Group to establish a new operating company for the purpose of operating its telecommunications network business and providing telecommunication services in the UAE, subject to Special Shareholder approval, and establishing a share buyback programme at any time in accordance with the conditions and procedures set out in the relevant law and subject to the prior approval of the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority.
In accordance with the new law, Etisalat Group will carry out the procedures required to implement and align its status with the provisions of the new law within one year from the date of its issue.
TAGSEtisalatEtisalat GroupInvestment OpportunityMarketsShares
SHARE
Facebook Twitter Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Repositioning Private Capital: Money Movements Around The Globe
Emirates Celebrates Listing of a $913 Million Sukuk on Nasdaq Dubai
UAE GDP rose more than 236-fold in 2014
Emirates set to close US$913 million Sukuk
Smart Real Estate Investing: Where to Spend in 2015?
Global Investors Now Bullish on Europe, Inflation and Gold
Real Estate Still Top Investment for UAE Residents
2015 Market Outlook: Bull Market Slows to a Jog
Dubai 3rd Investment Destination Worldwide; 2nd in Economic Potential among 62 ‘Major’ cities
Dubai Parks and Resorts Announces IPO Subscription Rates
Dubai Parks and Resorts Closes the UAE Tranche of its IPO
Hedge Funds in India, MENA gain despite currency, commodity volatility

By _YBF   
 
Two of the biggest sensations in R&B music are linking arms and heading out for a North American tour. Come inside and find out where you can see the Queen of Hip Hop Soul Mary J. Blige hitting the stage with talk show hostess Tamar Braxton. 
 
 
The Queen of Hip Hop Soul Mary J. Blige recently announced a 12-date U.S. tour and we’ve very excited to bring you the dates and the big news about who’s joining her. 
 
Mary is going from city to city with a new live show she’s dubbed “MJB Live!” which will start in Augusta, Ga. on October 30th and will breeze through Memphis, Florida, New Jersey and Georgia. 
 
Hmmm……if you have a Food Network fetish, you’ll notice that Mary is going to be passing through some “good eating” towns.  Good luck to her and her strict diet. We don’t think she’s had a carb since “No More Drama.” 
 
So who’ll join MJB?  Drum roll please……… 
 
 
It’s Slay-Tay!  With a new season of “Tamar & Vince” coming,   in addition to her day job on “The Real” and her currently stint on “DWTS” (by the way…she slayed her Quick Step), Tamar Braxton is ALL over the place. 
 
Because Tay Tay (shown above in a new pic with her newly DISengaged co-host Adrienne Bailon) is dropping her new album Calling All Lovers on October 2nd, the tour will be great support for her latest project.  But be forewarned……Tamar won’t be at every date. 
 
Check the dates below: 
 
 
Are you here for this?! 
 
 
Photos via Tamar’s Instagram/Mary’s Instagram 
 
 …read more

Gordon Edes, ESPN Staff Writer CloseHas covered Red Sox for 15 years Award-winning beat reporterJoined ESPNBoston.com in 2009
Follow on Twitter0 Shares
EmailPrint
Comment
NEW YORK -- Well, you know what they say: The 10,000th win is the hardest. The New York Yankees will have three more cracks to make history at Boston's expense, but it didn't come Monday night at Yankee Stadium, where the Yankees fell 5-1 to a brace of Red Sox hatchlings.
The Yanks had a chance to become the first American League franchise to win 10,000 games. They also had an outside chance to clinch a wild-card spot, though three pursuers would have had to lose.
Neither happened, as those wacky Red Sox kids wreaked havoc all game long on a Bronx playground they claimed as their own Monday night -- and some folks thought the Yanks were catching a break when interim manager Torey Lovullo gave slugger David Ortiz the night off.
Rookie left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez, in his final start of 2015, held the Yanks to seven hits (six of them singles) and a run in six innings. He became the first Sox rookie left-hander since John Curtis in 1972 to win 10 games.
Rookie first baseman Travis Shaw, batting in Ortiz's cleanup spot, hit a two-out, first-pitch, two-run home run off Ivan Nova in the sixth to give the Sox their first lead, 2-1.
Still-cutting-his-teeth Jackie Bradley Jr., playing left field with Rusney Castillo out because of a tight quad muscle, made two terrific catches and hit a two-run home run that just cleared the short fence in left to make it 4-1 in the seventh. The home run was Bradley's 10th of the season.
Rookie Noe Ramirez, embracing interim manager Torey Lovullo's vision of him as a right-handed specialist, came on to coax a double-play ball out of Alex Rodriguez to end the seventh.
Rookie Deven Marrero, playing third base because Pablo Sandoval has been declared a casualty of pneumonia, hit his first big-league home run in the ninth to stretch the Sox's lead to 5-1, with a fan undermining the hard-earned Bronx tradition of nothing but contempt for the opposition by actually tossing the ball back onto the field.
The Yanks have had their way with the Sox for much of this season -- they've won 10 of 16 meetings -- but not Monday night. With the Blue Jays rallying to beat Baltimore, Toronto's magic number for clinching the AL East is down to two games.
A Red Sox victory and Yankee loss Tuesday, and the Sox could be the catalyst for a celebration north of the border.

, 84, of Fairmont, passed away Monday (Sept. 14, 2015) at Ruby Memorial Hospital. 
  
Irene was born Aug. 11, 1931, in Nanty-Glo, Pennsylvania, daughter of the late John and Mary Jacobsky. 
 
Irene loved to travel. She also enjoyed scrapbooking and reading. 
 
She is survived by three children, Ron Kovach Sr. and wife Glenda of Fairmont, Stephen James Kovach III and wife Cindy of Mount Clare, and Kelli K. Baker and husband Randy of Fairmont; five grandchildren; three step-grandchildren; nine great-grandchildren; and two brothers, Jerry Jacobsky and wife Emily of Greensburg, Pennsylvania, and John Jacobsky of Ebensburg, Pennsylvania. 
 
In addition to her parents, Irene was preceded in death by her husband, Stephen James Kovach Jr.; a son, Dennis Kovach; a daughter, Stephanie Perry; a granddaughter, Krystal; and a great-granddaughter, Haylie. 
 
Irene has chosen cremation as her final disposition. 
 
Domico Funeral Home in Fairmont is in charge of arrangements. Online condolences may be sent to the family at www.domicofh.com . 
 
Domico Funeral Home

Bajaj Auto Limited has reported that total sales for the month of August 2015 were 341,965 units, an increase of 2%, compared to 336,840 units in August 2014. Motorcycle sales for the month of August 2015 were 290,436 units, an increase of 2%, compared to 284,302 units in August 2014. Commercial vehicle sales for the month of August 2015 were 51,529 units, a decrease of 2%, compared to 52,538 units in August 2014. Total exports for the month of August 2015 were 181,658 units, an increase of 4%, compared to 175,127 units in August 2

Celebrating a new baby is both exciting and busy. However, setting up the house and buying new baby items can be expensive.   
  
Whether you are expecting a little one, or are shopping for someone else who is, simple money-saving ideas from the discount experts at Dollar General can help give you peace of mind that everything is ready for the arrival. 
 
Get Back to Basics 
 
Stock up on the essentials before baby’s arrival. Items like diapers, wipes, bottles and baby lotion are easy to buy and are always useful. While you’re out shopping, pick up an item with each visit to the store to gradually build your stock at home. 
 
If you’re buying for an expecting mommy, ask her what she needs. This will avoid duplicate purchases. Take advantage of extra savings by utilizing a digital coupon program like DG digital coupons and save even more when baby items are on sale. 
 
Take Care of Mommy 
 
While everyone is excited about the new baby, it’s important to also remember Mommy. Take time to pamper the mom-to-be with extra attention and ideas that can make her life easier. 
 
One practical way to help her out is by making meals that are quick and delicious. Retailers like Dollar General offer a variety of easy-to-fix dinner recipes, from appetizers to main dishes to side dishes and desserts, and the ingredients are available at great, everyday low prices. For ideas, check out the DG easy meals website at www.dg.com/easymeals . 
 
Make a Gift 
 
DIY is a great way to save money and add your personal touch to any baby shower gift. You can make a baby gift basket with baby toys, bibs and a photo frame. Another thoughtful idea is to make a mom survival kit with sweets, scented candles, bath items and a new movie. 
 
Giving gifts with that personal touch not only saves money, but shows the new mom how much you care. 
 
You don’t have to let the stress of expenses get in the way of welcoming a little one! A little extra effort and preparedness can go a long way to make baby’s arrival fun and memorable. 
 
Photo Credit: (c) SUDIO 1ONE - Fotolia.com

2015/18: Vicious -- V. E. Schwab
By the time the first bell rang, signaling the end of Victor’s art elective, he’d turned his parents’ lectures on how to start the day into: Be lost. Give up. give In. in the end It would be better to surrender before you begin. be lost. Be lost And then you will not care if you are ever found. He’d had to strike through entire paragraphs to make the sentence perfect after he accidentally marked out ever and had to go on until he found another instance of the word. But it was worth it. The pages of black that stretched between if you are and ever and found gave the words just the right sense of abandonment. [loc. 141]

Victor and Eli are roommates at college. Victor is somewhat introverted, prone to brooding and scheming and taking a Sharpie to the pages of books by his self-help guru parents. His friendship with Eli (political-candidate smile and general wholesomeness) seems mostly founded on the moments where Eli's cheerful, normal facade seems to crack. They are both intelligent, arrogant and competitive. And kind of doomed.

It's time for the two to declare their senior theses. Victor picks 'adrenal inducers' (fight or flight etc) but Eli, more ambitiously, decides to study ExtraOrdinaries: "An argument for the theoretical feasibility of the existence of ExtraOrdinary people, deriving from laws of biology, chemistry, and psychology". EOs are, effectively, superheroes: people with unusual gifts. None of them are familiar by name, though Spiderman and Superman are cited as examples of nurture and nature. Eli thinks that there is a very specific set of circumstances that will create an EO. Victor, more or less on the spur of the moment, offers to be the first experimental subject.

Vicious alternates between the events of a decade ago -- when Victor and Eli performed their experiments and Victor was imprisoned for murder -- and the 'now' in which Victor is ... keen, shall we say ... to meet up with his old college friend. Cue much discussion of heroes and villains, and the recruitment of former cellmate Mitch and 12-year-old runaway Sydney Clarke to Victor's team. We don't get to see much of Eli and his cohorts, which is a shame, because the novel does occasionally feel imbalanced. But Vicious is nevertheless a well-paced, well-plotted novel with a lot of dark humour (and dark stuff that isn't at all funny) and an interesting spin on the notion of the superhero -- and the inevitable inverse, the supervillain. Is Victor a villain? He does some things that are not at all nice. Is Eli a villain? But he seems so wholesome. 

I think I probably picked this up as part of my 'pictureless books about superheroes' kick. I'm glad I got around to reading it.

This entry was originally posted at http://tamaranth.dreamwidth.org/945524.html. Comment wherever you wish (though my preference is for There, rather than Here).

– 
 Pac-12 Notes  
—– 
 
  
 
September 14th 
 
… Foe Pause …  
 
No DirecTV deal with Pac-12 this season 
 
From Jon Wilner and the San Jose Mercury News … The Pac-12 Networks won’t be on DirecTV anytime soon. 
 
The conference has rejected a proposal by DirecTV’s parent company, AT&T, that would have allowed carriage on the satellite provider but come at an enormous cost to the conference, a source said Saturday. 
 
The league’s presidents and chancellors determined that AT&T’s requests would have compromised the networks’ business model and long-term profitability without granting enough in return. 
 
The networks are wholly owned by the league, in contrast to counterparts at the Big Ten (co-owned by FOX) and SEC (co-owned by ESPN). 
 
The proposal by AT&T, which took control of DirecTV this summer,  likely would have forced the Pac-12 Networks to redo their existing distribution deals (with Comcast, DISH, etc.) at a lower subscription rate, jeopardizing future profits. 
 
… Continue reading story here … 
 
— 
 
  
 
Colorado remains at No. 11 in ESPN Power Rankings …  
 
From ESPN … The bottom three (CU jumped over Oregon State, which lost to Michigan, but was jumped by Washington State, which defeated Rutgers) … 
 
10. Washington State Cougars : Oh Cougs … what to make of you. You lose at home to an FCS team. Then you go on the road and beat a Big Ten team. Football totally makes sense. Glad you took last week’s advice. 
 
  
 
11. Colorado Buffaloes : The Buffs snapped a nine-game losing streak and did so with one of their best rushing outputs in almost a decade. I think we got a glance of what this team could be. Question is, can it do it consistently against stiffer competition? 
 
12. Oregon State Beavers : They looked great on their opening drive … and then it all went to Hades. That was a tough encore for a team trying to rebuild its identity under a new coach. Best to learn from mistakes (and some would include the coaches in that conversation ) and move on. The San Jose State game is more than winnable with Stanford and conference play on the horizon. 
 
—– 
 
  
 
September 13th 
 
… Foe Pause …  
 
Ohio State loses two No. 1 votes to Michigan State in latest poll … Oregon out of the top ten; UCLA in 
 
From ESPN … Three Southeastern Conference teams fell out of the Associated Press Top 25 on Sunday, and the Auburn Tigers dropped 12 spots after the league that set a record for most teams in the college football rankings last week had a rough weekend. 
 
Arkansas, Tennessee and Mississippi State all fell out after losses Saturday. The Tigers needed overtime to beat Jacksonville State of the FCS; they slipped from No. 6 to No. 18. 
 
Auburn will get a chance at redemption next week as the Tigers visit No. 13 LSU. 
 
The SEC was down to seven ranked teams, still the most of any conference. The Pac-12 was next with five. 
 
Ohio State remains No. 1, but the Buckeyes are no longer unanimous. No. 4 Michigan State receives two first-place votes after beating Oregon  31-28 . Alabama remains No. 2. TCU is 3. 
 
… The Pac-12 … Five Pac-12 teams are ranked in the Associated Press Top 25 poll for the second consecutive week, with USC moving up to No. 6, UCLA claiming the No. 10 spot, Oregon falling to 12th, Arizona jumping to 20th and Utah to 21st. 
 
Here’s the AP Top 25 in full: 
  Ohio State (59 first-place votes)  Alabama  TCU  Michigan State (2)  Baylor  USC  Georgia  Notre Dame  Florida State  UCLA  Clemson  Oregon  LSU  Georgia Tech  Ole Miss  Oklahoma  Texas A&M  Auburn  BYU  Arizona  Utah  Missouri  Northwestern  Wisconsin  Oklahoma State   
Others receiving votes: Temple 38, West Virginia 37, Mississippi State 32, Tennessee 30, Toledo 29, Kansas State 26, Arizona State 20 , Boise State 16, Houston 16, NC State 14, Florida 12, Minnesota 9, Arkansas 6, California 5 , Iowa 5, Miami (FL) 3, Stanford 3 , Western Kentucky 2, Virginia Tech 2, Duke 1 
 
—– 
 
  
 
September 12th 
 
. .. Foe Pause … 
 
Oregonian: Missed pass in the final minute “changes course of Oregon’s season” 
 
From the Oregonian …  It wasn’t the play that lost the game that rolled through Vernon Adams Jr.’s head like a skipping record, spitting phrases like, “I got to be better,” from his mouth on repeat in the postgame. 
 
It was two plays before he threw an incomplete pass to Bralon Addison on fourth-and-long that sealed up Michigan State’s 31-28 victory Saturday night at Spartan Stadium. 
 
It was the play that should have won it for the Ducks that will stick with Adams long after the biggest game of his college football career. 
 
“Definitely that one to Byron when he was wide-open,” Adams said. “You know, I can’t stop thinking about that. He was wide-open and you got to make that throw and the game is different.” 
 
The fifth-year senior, in his first month with the Ducks, wasn’t underselling it. The Ducks were down by three in the final minutes of the game and charging up field. The defense, the gassed and battered defense, made the stand it needed to make and the Ducks were facing second-and-six with a host of options and a bag of timeouts. 
 
… Continue reading story here … 
 
— 
 
  
 
Oregon State starts fast, but then is dominated by Michigan in 35-7 loss 
 
From ESPN … Michigan (1-1) looked much better as a team than it did in last week’s loss at Utah. 
 
The Wolverines also got some breaks in the pivotal second quarter against the Beavers (1-1). 
 
Smith gave the Wolverines a running game they lacked in the opener, but like his coach, he wouldn’t take credit. 
 
“Want to give a shout out to my offensive line,” Smith said. “They opened some holes you could drive a bus through.” 
 
Defensively, Michigan put pressure on Oregon State’s quarterbacks and didn’t give up a lot on the ground — much to the delight of nearly 110,000 fans who filled the Big House with hopes the sagging program’s new leader will make a difference. 
 
Harbaugh was quietly pacing the sideline for much of the first quarter and early in the second, rarely saying anything to players, coaches or officials. 
 
That changed when he saw a penalty he didn’t like. The game changed, too. 
 
Michigan’s Jeremy Clark was called for roughing the kicker, setting off Harbaugh. 
 
The former San Francisco 49ers coach shouted at officials, flailed his arms and threw laminated sheets behind him because he thought Nick Porebski lost his protection as a punter after bobbling the ball and zig-zagging before kicking the ball. 
 
A little later, Oregon State coach Gary Andersen made a curious decision by choosing to punt instead of going for it on a fourth-and-3 from the Michigan 39 while trailing 10-7. 
 
“Never thought to not punt quite frankly,” Andersen said. 
 
Then, the long snap from midfield sailed over Porebski’s head and bounced back to the Beavers 3. 
 
“That happens once in a half-century,” Harbaugh said. “That was a heck of a good break for us, but we’ll take it.” 
 
Smith scored his second TD with 12 seconds left in the first half to put Michigan up 17-7 and the Beavers never got back in the game. 
 
— 
 
  
 
Washington State bounces back with a 37-34 win over Rutgers with touchdown in final minute 
 
From ESPN …   Luke Falk led a 10-play, 90-yard touchdown drive, finding River Cracraft with an eight-yard strike with :13 left to lift Washington State past Rutgers, 37-34 Saturday. 
 
Falk threw for 468 yards and four touchdowns. 
 
While Janarion Grant tried to be the hero for Rutgers, returning two kicks for touchdowns, he couldn’t return the final kickoff for a touchdown. The ball was kicked to Leonte Carroo and Rutgers tried to do their Stanford vs. California impression, before the ball was thrown forward after several laterals. 
 
Grant had the best game of his collegiate career, returning a kickoff and a punt for late touchdowns. With Rutgers trailing 30-27 with 1:45 left, Grant returned a punt 55-yards for a touchdown to give Rutgers the 34-30 lead. The playmaker returned a kickoff 100 yards to give Rutgers its first lead of the game, 27-23 and finished a school record 339 total yards. 
 
Washington State answered Grant’s 100-yard return with an eight play, 82-yard drive in 2:59. Falk hit Gabe Marks, who made a dazzling 23-yard touchdown catch. 
 
On its next two drives Rutgers negated two touchdowns with penalties. Rutgers running back Josh Hicks fumbled on the ensuing drive after catching a screen pass and Isaac Dotson recovered for the Cougars. That came one play after a 21-yard touchdown was negated on a holding penalty on Chris Muller. 
 
The Scarlet Knights defense stopped Washington State on fourth down with 6:10 left, but Justin Goodwin’s offensive pass interference penalty negated a 29-yard touchdown catch by Grant. 
 
The high-scoring second half came after just one touchdown in the first. 
 
— 
 
  
 
Pac-12 proposes athletes profiting off of their own names (in non-athletic ventures) 
 
From CBS Sports … The Pac-12 has submitted a proposal that would allow college athletes to use their names, images and likenesses to “promote their own non-athletic business ventures,” the conference said in a news release Friday. 
 
In light of the pending Ed O’Bannon lawsuit, the Pac-12 idea appears to represent an incremental step by college sports leaders to adopt bylaws allowing players to make money off their name, but with a qualifier. Pac-12 deputy commissioner Jamie Zaninovich said athletes would be able to promote themselves without identifying themselves as an athlete. 
 
Under current NCAA rules, athletes are prohibited from accepting any money for or permitting the use of their name or picture to advertise or promote directly the sale of a commercial product or service. The eligibility of athletes is not affected if they participated in the promotional activity prior to enrollment and meet certain conditions. 
 
The Pac-12 submitted the NILs idea to the NCAA last week as part of the Power Five’s proposals for consideration at the NCAA convention in January. The conferences have until Nov. 15 to amend or finalize their concepts for proposals. NCAA autonomy allows the 65 schools from the ACC, Big Ten, Big 12, Pac-12 and SEC, plus Notre Dame, to create their own legislation that the rest of Division I can elect to follow. 
 
  
 
—– 
 
  
 
September 11th 
 
… Foe Pause … 
 
Experts split on outcome of Oregon/Michigan State 
 
There is no lack of attention being paid to the game between No. 7 Oregon and No. 5 Michigan State (6:00 p.m., Saturday, ABC): 
 
“Numbers show importance of rushing game for Oregon, Michigan State” … From ESPN 
 
“Oregon will have to have ducks in a row to beat Michigan State on road” … From ESPN 
 
“Pick Six: Michigan State to get best of Oregon in rematch” … From CBS Sports 
 
“College football picks Week 2: Experts favor Michigan State in Oregon rematch” … From The Sporting News 
 
“Michigan State looks to improve on poor Week 1 play-action numbers: Oregon Ducks quick hits” … From the Oregonian 
 
  
 
—– 
 
  
 
September 10th 
 
… Foe Pause … 
 
ESPN: CU one of five Pac-12 teams which need to “bounce back” in Week Two 
 
From ESPN … Week 1 was not what many people thought it would be for the Conference of Champions. But Week 1 is just that — Week 1 — with plenty of time brush a shaky 7-5 performance under the rug and move on to the next one. 
 
Five teams — Arizona State, Colorado, Stanford, Washington and Washington State — are looking to do just that. Here’s what they have coming up. 
 
… 
 
COLORADO 
  Next opportunity : vs. UMass  What went wrong in Week 1: There are the turnovers, the two missed red zone opportunities, the special teams breakdowns … and, of course, the clock management at the end of the game — which, yes, some of the blame does go to the officials.  What needs to happen in Week 2 : Believe it or not, I still think Colorado is a decent football team — when the Buffaloes are consistent. Eliminating mistakes is easier said than done. We get that. But when everything is clicking, this team still has potential.  Coach speak, Mike MacIntyre : “They saw the bone-headed mistakes. Hopefully they understand the mistakes that we made that cost us the football game. It wasn’t anything Hawaii did. It was what we did. If they can understand that and get things done, we’ll keep playing good.”   
—– 
 
  
 
September 8th 
 
… Foe Pause …  
 
SEC has ten teams ranked in the top 25 (first time that’s ever happened) 
 
Stanford and Arizona State dropped out of the poll this week from the Pac-12, but Utah jumped in. 
 
The AP poll for Week Two 
     1         -     Ohio State Buckeyes (61) 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/07 defeated Virginia Tech 42-24 
09/12 Hawaii 3:30 PM EDT    1525     2         (1)     Alabama Crimson Tide 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Wisconsin 35-17 
09/12 Middle Tennessee 4:00 PM EDT    1420     3         (-1)     TCU Horned Frogs 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/03 defeated Minnesota 23-17 
09/12 Stephen F. Austin 3:30 PM EDT    1365     4         -     Baylor Bears 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/04 defeated Southern Methodist 56-21 
09/12 Lamar 7:30 PM EDT    1252     5         -     Michigan State Spartans 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/04 defeated Western Michigan 37-24 
09/12 Oregon 8:00 PM EDT    1198     6         -     Auburn Tigers 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Louisville 31-24 
09/12 Jacksonville State 12:00 PM EDT    1166     7         -     Oregon Ducks 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Eastern Washington 61-42 
09/12 at Michigan State 8:00 PM EDT    1081     8         -     Southern California Trojans 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Arkansas State 55-6 
09/12 Idaho 8:00 PM EDT    1074     9         (2)     Notre Dame Fighting Irish 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Texas 38-3 
09/12 at Virginia 3:30 PM EDT    1061     10         (-1)     Georgia Bulldogs 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Louisiana-Monroe 51-14 
09/12 at Vanderbilt 3:30 PM EDT    981     11         (-1)     Florida State Seminoles 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Texas State 59-16 
09/12 South Florida 11:30 AM EDT    942     12         -     Clemson Tigers 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Wofford 49-10 
09/12 Appalachian State 12:30 PM EDT    862     13         -     UCLA Bruins 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Virginia 34-16 
09/12 at UNLV 10:30 PM EDT    833     14         -     LSU Tigers 
 Overall: (0-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 McNeese State Cancelled    653     15         (1)     Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/03 defeated Alcorn State 69-6 
09/12 Tulane 3:30 PM EDT    636     16         (11)     Texas A&M Aggies 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Arizona State 38-17 
09/12 Ball State 7:00 PM EDT    629     17         -     Ole Miss Rebels 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated UT Martin 76-3 
09/12 Fresno State 3:30 PM EDT    600     18         -     Arkansas Razorbacks 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Texas-El Paso 48-13 
09/12 Toledo 4:00 PM EDT    480     19         -     Oklahoma Sooners 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Akron 41-3 
09/12 at Tennessee 6:00 PM EDT    469     20         (3)     Boise State Broncos 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/04 defeated Washington 16-13 
09/12 at Brigham Young 10:15 PM EDT    279     21         (3)     Missouri Tigers 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Southeast Missouri State 34-3 
09/12 at Arkansas State 7:00 PM EDT    274     22         -     Arizona Wildcats 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/03 defeated Texas-San Antonio 42-32 
09/12 at Nevada 7:00 PM EDT    259     23         (2)     Tennessee Volunteers 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Bowling Green 59-30 
09/12 Oklahoma 6:00 PM EDT    169     24         (6)     Utah Utes 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/03 defeated Michigan 24-17 
09/11 Utah State 9:00 PM EDT    137     25         (1)     Mississippi State Bulldogs 
 Overall: (1-0) 
 Statistics | Schedule | Roster 
09/05 defeated Southern Mississippi 34-16 
09/12 LSU 9:15 PM EDT    104    Others Receiving Votes: Wisconsin (0-1) 79; Brigham Young (1-0) 74; Northwestern (1-0) 72; Arizona State (0-1) 49; Oklahoma State (1-0) 30; West Virginia (1-0) 23; Temple (1-0) 8; Florida (1-0) 8; Kansas State (1-0) 7; Cincinnati (1-0) 7; Minnesota (0-1) 5; NC State (1-0) 4; Louisville (0-1) 4; Western Kentucky (1-0) 3; California (1-0) 2; Stanford (0-1) 1     
— 
 
  
 
ESPN Pac-12 Power Rankings … Colorado No. 11 
 
From ESPN … We now have tangible data to work with. It’s not great. But we have a better picture than we did when we came out with the preseason power rankings. As always, if you don’t like where you’re ranked, play better. 
 
The Bottom Two (just behind No. 10 Stanford) … 
 
11. Colorado Buffaloes: Once again, we were willing to give the Buffs the benefit of the doubt heading into Week 1. Once again, the Buffs disappointed. Say what you want about how that game ended. Colorado should never have been in that spot to begin with. I do think Colorado is better than the product in Hawaii. But the benefit of the doubt is quickly slipping away. 
 
12. Washington State Cougars: Want people to stop saying “They Coug’ed it”? Then stop Coug’ing it.\ 
 
— 
 
  
 
Arizona linebacker Scooby Wright out “three-to-four weeks” … (Game against CU October 17th) 
 
From CBS Sports … Arizona star linebacker Scooby Wright III might only miss “three to four weeks” after undergoing minor knee surgery to repair damage from an injury suffered in the Wildcats’ season opener against UTSA on Thursday. 
 
Wright underwent a procedure to repair a lateral meniscus tear in his left knee over the weekend, and on Monday Rich Rodriguez delivered the official timetable for his return. 
 
Wright will still travel with the team, according to Rodriguez, while he recovers. If the timetable works out in Arizona’s favor, Wright could be back on the field for Arizona’s Pac-12 opener against UCLA. Given what we saw from the Bruins, Arizona may need its most aggressive defensive performance to disrupt Josh Rosen’s rhythm under center. 
 
Still, the most important news is that this is expected to be a minor injury that will allow Wright to return to the field this season. Wright has only been playing college football for two years and has already assumed the role of one of the sport’s most exciting playmakers. Last season, he ranked in the top five nationally in tackles, sacks and forced fumbles … and perhaps No. 1 nationally in terrorizing opposing offensive coordinators. 
 
  
 
—– 
 
  
 
September 7th 
 
… Foe Pause … 
 
Coug Center – Loss to Portland State “it’s incredibly hard to watch, think about or root for this team” 
 
A good essay from Brian Floyd for Coug Center. It really speaks to fans of teams like Washington State (and Colorado), who continue to believe, and yet are not being rewarded for their continuing devotion. 
 
The full essay (which I recommend) can be found here . Some excerpts: 
 
… Which brings us to Saturday’s season opener. The first game of the season is supposed to be fun, a celebration of college football’s return. Everyone is a blank slate, filled with hope stemming from unknowns. We default to the positive side of those unknowns, no matter how bad the previous season was. Saturday’s game against Portland State was supposed to be easing into the schedule, a tuneup before a road test against Rutgers. College football was coming back, and it was an exciting time. 
 
I was excited about Washington State football this year. It seemed possible that last year was a tad bit of regression after going to a bowl game well ahead of schedule the year before. There was talent, on paper, and a better understanding of the system. The defense was new and fresh, and hey maybe a change at the top of the org chart was needed on that side of the ball. 
 
… There was no reason for the Cougars to get completely gashed on defense. The new look on that side of the ball appears to be “dumpster fire that takes half an hour to get roaring.” The offense still isn’t clicking, and receivers as experienced as Washington State’s shouldn’t be letting so many balls hit the turf (and don’t use weather as an excuse). 
 
… This, however, is about as low as it gets, for me. Losing to an FCS team on opening weekend in a season we were hoping would be a bounce back is a punch in the gut right off the bat. Maybe it gets better and this was a hiccup. But right now, it’s incredibly hard to watch, think about or root for this team. And it’s nearly impossible to believe Leach has this team on the right track. 
 
Welcome back to college football. 
 
— 
 
  
 
UCLA loses star defensive lineman to a torn ACL 
 
From Fox Sports …  Eddie Vanderdoes standout on the UCLA D-line, suffered a torn ACL in the Bruins’ win over Virginia on Saturday, a source told FOX Sports Sunday. Vanderdoes will miss the rest of the 2015 season. 
 
UCLA spokesman Josh Rupprecht confirmed the injury to The Associated Press later Sunday night. 
 
The 6-foot-4, 305-pound junior had a team-high eight tackles in the Bruins’ 34-16 win vs. the Cavaliers. Vanderdoes, who has played in every one of UCLA’s 27 games since arriving on campus, was an honorable-mention All-Pac-12 Conference selection last season. 
 
The Bruins still have All-American candidate Kenny Clark to anchor the D-line, but now 305-pound junior Eli Ankou and 275-pound sophomore Matt Dickerson need to step up in Vanderdoes’ absence. 
 
— 
 
  
 
Washington State, Colorado and USC in USA Today “Misery Index”  
 
From USA Today … (Disclaimer: This isn’t a ranking of worst teams, worst losses or coaches whose jobs are in the most jeopardy. This is simply a measurement of a fan base’s knee-jerk reaction to what they last saw. The way in which a team won or lost, expectations vis-à-vis program trajectory and traditional inferiority complex of fan base all factor into this ranking.) 
 
6. Washington State : Despite his feel-good second season in which he beat Southern California and took the Cougars to a bowl game, Mike Leach’s record at Washington State is 12-26 after Saturday’s loss to FCS member Portland State. 
 
But here’s the really scary thing for Washington State fans: If he can’t fix it, who can? Bottom line: The Cougars don’t have any real excuse for losing to an FCS team in Leach’s fourth season. 
 
It’s not their facilities, which are marvelous. It’s not their head coach, who is accomplished. It’s not their schedule, which has been manageable. And given the way Leach talked about his team in the preseason, it shouldn’t be the talent level. But something is missing, and the Misery Index grants Washington State fans free reign to freak out over the state of this program now that 2015 is already on track to be a disappointment. 
 
7. Colorado : The non-conference trip to Hawaii is among the most alluring setups for a major football program. The idea is to go get a relatively easy win, be able to play a 13th game (an obscure NCAA rule) and enjoy a couple days of paradise with your players, fans and administration. 
 
Of course, that requires you actually winning the game, which Colorado was unable to accomplish in a 28-20 loss. Forget the specifics of what happened at the end — and yes, Colorado fans will forever complain about how quickly the ball was spotted by the officiating crew and the inability to get off one final play that might have given the Buffaloes a chance to tie the game. 
 
But if you take a step back, Colorado probably should be better than a life-or-death struggle at Hawaii if the program is progressing as quickly as Mike MacIntyre hoped. It’s not, and that’s a problem as the Buffaloes face one of the most difficult Pac-12 schedules in league history, facing Oregon and Stanford in crossover games as well as the loaded South division. Colorado’s bowl-less streak of seven seasons appears likely to become eight. 
 
8. Southern California : Few were as critical of head coach Steve Sarkisian’s drunken appearance at the program’s “Salute to Troy” preseason event as USC fans themselves, which is a refreshing departure from the typical mindless fandom the Misery Index sees on a daily basis. But the truth is USC fans know more than anyone that Sarkisian, whether he actually has a drinking problem, most certainly has a propensity to act like a 21-year-old frat boy problem. 
 
And that feeds into the narrative that Sarkisian’s teams will chronically underachieve because they lack the focus, discipline and seriousness to make it through a taxing 12-game schedule without a couple of unnecessary hiccups. So while the Trojans did what was expected in waxing Arkansas State 55-6, it’s a victory that does little to calm the nerves about what’s in store this season. And it certainly doesn’t help that USC fans now realize what they’ll have to deal with in UCLA freshman quarterback Josh Rosen for the next three years. 
 
—– 
 
  
 
September 5th 
 
… Foe Pause …  
 
Arizona linebacker Scooby Wright may be back … in time to play Colorado October 17th 
 
From ESPN … Arizona Wildcats linebacker Scooby Wright had his left knee scoped to repair a lateral meniscus tear, a source confirmed to ESPN’s Brett McMurphy. 
 
The Wildcats hope to “have him back in a month,” the source said. 
 
Wright injured the knee in the first quarter of Thursday night’s 42-32 win over Texas San Antonio. 
 
He hobbled off the field midway through the first quarter. Television cameras later caught trainers icing Wright’s knee on the sideline, where he later walked with a limp and a cane. 
 
Arizona coach Rich Rodriguez is expected to give an update on Wright on Monday, a school spokesman said. The Wildcats visit Nevada on Sept. 12. 
 
Other games Wright is likely to miss include home dates with Northern Arizona on Sept. 19 and No. 13 UCLA on Sept. 26. 
 
… Arizona plays at Colorado on October 17th … 
 
— 
 
  
 
Washington State falls to Portland State, 24-17 
 
While no Pac-12 coach was considered to be on the hot seat heading into the 2015 season, the seat just got a little warmer for Mike Leach at Washington State. In his first three seasons, Leach posted a 12-25 record, failing to generate the success he had at Texas Tech. 
 
Make that 12-26. 
 
Portland State from the Big Sky Conference, which had an 0-14 all-time record against FBS schools, defeated the Cougars, 24-17. Washington State had a 10-0 lead at halftime, but the Vikings scored 17 straight points to take the lead early in the fourth quarter. After the Cougars mounted a drive to tie the game, Portland State put together a 14-play, 69-yard touchdown drive to take a 24-17 lead. With less than a minute to play, the Vikings picked off a tipped ball, giving Washington State its first-ever loss to an FCS team 
 
— 
 
  
 
No. 21 Stanford the first ranked team of the falls to Northwestern 
 
From ESPN …  Northwestern wanted to prove a point against No. 21 Stanford, and the Wildcats drove it home with a strong running game and solid defense that produced a season-opening surprise. 
 
Freshman Clayton Thorson ran for a 42-yard touchdown while playing turnover-free ball at quarterback, Justin Jackson added 134 yards rushing, and the Wildcats beat the Cardinal 16-6 on Saturday afternoon. 
 
Anthony Walker broke up two passes and had a fumble recovery, and Kyle Queiro intercepted Kevin Hogan in the end zone with about a minute left to seal the win. 
 
Thorson scored the game’s only touchdown in the second quarter. He also threw for 105 yards, completing 12 of 24 passes. 
 
Jackson rushed 28 times. Jack Mitchell kicked three field goals, including a career-long 49-yarder that made it 16-6 with 3:38 left in the game, and the Wildcats started the season on a winning note for the first time against a ranked team since 1995. 
 
It was just what they needed after back-to-back 5-7 finishes, a run that followed five straight bowl appearances. 
 
Stanford, coming off an 8-5 season that snapped a string of four consecutive BCS bowls, clearly has some work to do. 
 
Hogan had a rough afternoon, going 20-of-35 with 155 yards and an interception. He was sacked three times. 
 
Christian McCaffrey ran for 66 yards, but the Cardinal managed just 240 yards on offense and scored their fewest points since 2007. 
 
—– 
 
  
 
September 4th 
 
… Foe Pause … 
 
Chris Petersen falls to former school in Washington’s loss to Boise State … “I feel physically sick” 
 
From the Seattle Times … So successful at keeping the identity of their starting quarterback a secret all week, the Washington offense was only suspect in the first half of their season opener Friday night. 
 
So to see that offense suddenly find itself driving in the final minute of a dramatic comeback bid, with a chance to tie No. 23 Boise State, well, it was at least a little encouraging. 
 
Right? No, Jake Browning didn’t want to hear it. 
 
“I feel physically sick right now,” he said moments after the Huskies’ 16-13 defeat in Chris Petersen’s return to Boise. 
 
“I mean, it’s hard to answer a question about encouragement when you just lost,” Browning added. “Yeah, there encouraging things there, but at the end of the day you lost. … We only lost by three to a good team, but we want to win. There’s no pity points.” 
 
The Huskies, down 16-0 at halftime, got back in the game thanks key special-teams performances from Dante Pettis (76-yard punt return for a touchdown), Jaydon Mickens (blocked punt) and Cameron Van Winkle (two made field goals). 
 
Washington’s comeback bid ended, however, when the offense stalled at the 29-yard line and Van Winkle missed a 46-yard field-goal attempt wide right with 21 seconds left. 
 
… Continue reading story here … 
 
— 
 
  
 
Report: Injury to Scooby Wright will not be season-ending 
 
From ESPN … Arizona linebacker Scooby Wright’s left knee injury is not season-ending, sources told ESPN’s Brett McMurphy. 
 
Wright, who injured the knee in the first quarter of Thursday night’s 42-32 win over Texas San Antonio, underwent an MRI after the game. Results indicate Wright’s injury will not cause him to miss the rest of the season, sources said. 
 
Wright hobbled off the field midway through the first quarter. Television cameras later caught trainers icing Wright’s knee on the sideline, where he later walked with a limp and a cane. 
 
Arizona coach Rich Rodriguez is expected to give an update on Wright on Monday, a school spokesman said. The Wildcats visit Nevada on Sept. 12. 
 
Wright led the nation in tackles, tackles for loss and forced fumbles last season. 
 
—– 
 
  
 
September 3rd 
 
… Foe Pause  … 
 
Utah spoils the debut of Michigan head coach Jim Harbaugh 
 
From ESPN … Jim Harbaugh was swarmed by cameramen from the moment he stepped off the bus at Rice-Eccles Stadium. College football’s newest rock star had finally arrived to play a game after eight months of hype. 
 
And Utah was sick of hearing about it. 
 
The Utes felt disrespected despite being favored and spoiled Harbaugh’s Michigan coaching debut with a smothering defense, beating the Wolverines 24-17 on Thursday night in the opener for both teams. 
 
“We beat Michigan for the third time in a row,” Utah coach Kyle Whittingham said. “That’s a heck of an accolade for our program.” 
 
Harbaugh came as advertised — blue long-sleeved shirt, blue cap with the block “M,” khakis and lanyard with whistle attached. 
 
Unfortunately for Michigan fans, the team didn’t look drastically different from the 2014 version. The quarterback struggled, and the run game was nonexistent. That spelled trouble for the offense. 
 
“I thought we were playing a little bit tentative in the first half and not coming off the ball like we need to,” Harbaugh said. “We did miss some holes, backs missed some holes. All things to grow and improve on, and I thought we did that as the game went on.” 
 
Harbaugh, the former Michigan quarterback who returned to his alma mater eight months ago after leaving the NFL’s San Francisco 49ers, faced many of the same issues that plagued former coach Brady Hoke. 
 
Quarterback Jake Rudock beat out Shane Morris for the start. An Iowa transfer, Rudock had a reputation for limiting turnovers but promptly threw three interceptions against Utah and finished 27-for-43 for 279 yards and two touchdowns. Michigan was held to 355 yards, gaining only 76 on the ground. Eighty of those yards came on Michigan’s final drive of the game. 
 
— 
 
No. 22 Arizona gets by UTSA in opener, but may have lost star linebacker Scooby Wright 
 
From ESPN … Arizona struggled defensively, was uneven on offense and had trouble putting away a smaller-conference team at home. 
 
That wasn’t even close to the worst news of the night. Losing All-American linebacker Scooby Wright to a knee injury early in the game trumped it all. 
 
Anu Solomon threw four touchdown passes to help No. 22 Arizona beat UTSA 42-32 Thursday night, but the Wildcats suffered a big blow when Wright went out with a left knee injury. 
 
Wright, who swept the major defensive player of the year awards last season, went out in the first quarter, tried to return and went back out after one play. He spent the second half in street clothes, walking with a cane, and was scheduled to have an MRI Thursday night. 
 
“I don’t think it’s bad — MCL, ACL, whatever — but I don’t want to speculate,” Arizona coach Rich Rodriguez said. “We’ll see what happens.” 
 
Even before Wright went down, Arizona’s defense struggled. The Wildcats scored two defensive touchdowns, but gave up 525 total yards to UTSA, which returned two offensive starters. 
 
The offense was good at times, sputtered others, finished with a pedestrian-for-them 392 total yards. Solomon had with 229 yards on 22-of-26 passing, and Nick Wilson added 97 yards rushing. 
 
— 
 
  
 
University of Washington sells naming rights for Husky Stadium to Alaska Airlines for $41 million 
 
From seattlepi.com … The University of Washington announced a proposal to sell naming rights at Husky Stadium to Seattle-based Alaska Airlines. 
 
The agreement, which is still subject to approval to UW’s Board of Regents, would make the official name of the Huskies’ football home “Alaska Airlines Field at Husky Stadium.” 
 
The airline will pay $41 million for the naming rights for the field, as well as the adjoining “University of Washington Athletic Village presented by Alaska Airlines.” They will also continue their naming rights for Alaska Airlines Arena at Hec Edmundson Pavilion, as well as serve as the official airline of all three UW campuses for the next decade. 
 
“I am thrilled that we can expand on a local connection and enhance a long-standing relationship with a Seattle company who shares our values so deeply,” UW Director of Athletics Scott Woodward said in a statement. “As the costs of funding a first-class student-athlete experience continue to rise, it is critical that we seek new and creative funding opportunities with partners who share our values, and I am pleased because that is exactly what we have done with Alaska Airlines. 
 
“This exciting new agreement will work directly to fund our student-athlete experience and allow us to stay in front of the rising costs of funding student-athlete recruitment, scholarship, travel and competition.” 
 
— 
 
  
 
Colorado to face ten USA Today preseason All-Americans; Nelson Spruce 2nd-team 
 
The USA Today has published its preseason All-American teams. The full list can be found here . 
 
Pac-12 honorees (along with one other Buff opponent in 2015) 
 
First Team: 
 
– WR: Rashard Higgins, Colorado State 
 
– OL: Joshua Garrett, Stanford 
 
– LB: Scooby Wright, Arizona 
 
– LB: Su’a Cravens, Southern California 
 
Second Team: 
 
– RB: Devontae Booker, Utah 
 
- WR: Nelson Spruce, Colorado 
 
– OL: Isaac Seumalo, Oregon State 
 
– DL: DeForest Buckner, Oregon 
 
– LB: Myles Jack, UCLA 
 
– CB: Adoree’ Jackson, Southern California 
 
– P: Tom Hackett, Utah 
 
—– 
 
  
 
September 2nd 
 
… Foe Pause …  
 
Jon Wilner … Buffs will not only beat the Rainbow Warriors, but will cover the 7.5-point spread 
 
Jon Wilner at the San Jose Mercury News has published his Pac-12 picks for the week, both picking the winners and whether the Pac-12 team will cover the spread for the game. 
 
For straight up winners, Wilner has the Pac-12 going 10-2, with only Arizona State (Texas A&amp;M) and Washington (Boise State) losing. 
 
The full article can be found here . 
 
As to the Buffs: 
 
COLORADO (minus-7.5) at HAWAII (Friday): Rare deviation from policy of using the opening line, but this swing is too severe to ignore: Colorado opened as a 2.5-point underdog and is now favored by more than a touchdown. And for good reason. Count on a jump in performance from the Buff now that Mike MacIntyre’s recruits occupy more of the 2-deep. Pick: Colorado 
 
— 
 
  
 
ESPN’s Ten Bold Predictions include a CU upset of “someone they shouldn’t” 
 
ESPN has published its “ Ten bold Pac-12 predictions for 2015 “, which can be found here . 
 
As to Colorado: 
 
9. Colorado will upset someone: The Buffs might not quite be at bowl-berth level yet. But they are good enough to put a scare into a few teams. And at least once this season, they are going to knock off someone that folks like us say they shouldn’t. I don’t know who. It could be a team from the South or North. But you need only to look at how close Colorado was last year to breaking through. This year, one of those close games will go the Buffs way. – Kevin Gemmell 
 
— 
 
  
 
Oregon State and former head coach Mike Riley sued for “failing to correct a hostile and sexually violent culture” 
 
From the Oregonian … A former student at Oregon State University has filed a federal Title IX lawsuit that accuses the school’s former head football coach Mike Riley of failing to correct a hostile and sexually violent culture among football players that contributed to her being raped. 
 
The woman alleges that she was raped on Oct. 9, 1999, while a freshman at OSU. The Oregonian/OregonLive is not naming her because she claims to be the victim of sexual assault. 
 
Steve Clark, OSU’s vice president of university relations, said Tuesday that the school generally refuted claims made by the woman in her lawsuit. 
 
“We’re not responsible for her very unfortunate sexual assault,” he said. 
 
… Continue reading story here  … 
 
… And here is a statement released by Mike Riley, now the coach at Nebraska … “Yesterday, I was made aware of a complaint filed in the State of Oregon concerning a previously unknown incident to me in October 1999.  I cannot comment on any matter in the legal process.  However, I am committed to a harassment-free culture in our football program and I am continually seeking ways to expand our student education program.  Sexual assault is a horrendous crime and has no place in our society.” 
 
—– 
 
  
 
September 1st 
 
… Foe Pause …  
 
USC athletic director Pat Haden: In the “best interests of the university” not to suspend Sarkisian from coaching 
 
From ESPN … Speaking publicly for the first time since Steve Sarkisian’s erratic display at a recent school event, USC Athletic Director Pat Haden said Monday that his decision regarding the Trojans coach was “in the best interest” of the university and its players. 
 
Haden condemned Sarkisian’s behavior in a statement but ultimately decided not to suspend him. Sarkisian will coach USC in its season opener Saturday against Arkansas State. 
 
During an appearance on the “Trojans Live” radio show on ESPN Los Angeles 710, Haden said he had “thoughtful conversations” with medical professionals and staff members and that “a lot of careful thought was given” before deciding on a course of action for Sarkisian following the now-infamous incident at the school’s annual “Salute to Troy” event on Aug. 22. 
 
…  “I understand a lot of people are going to disagree with my decision — it happens all the time,” Haden told the station. “I believe the course of action we chose was really in the best interest of USC and Steve Sarkisian and maybe just as important, or more importantly, our players.” 
 
Haden said he was not involved in Sarkisian’s decision to relinquish play-calling duties to offensive coordinator Clay Helton . 
 
“Those aren’t my kind of decisions to be made,” Haden said. “They’ve been talking about it for a while. Clay has been intimately involved in play calling [during his career]. 
 
“He’s a very innovative coach. I think we’ll be balanced, which I like. And I think it gives Steve a chance to do a lot more. … I think it’s great for Clay, and I really think it’s good for Steve, too.” 
 
—– 
 
  
 
August 31st 
 
… Foe Pause …  
 
Star UCLA defensive back arrested, held on $100,000 bond 
 
From CBS LA … UCLA defensive back Ishmael Adams has been arrested on suspicion of robbery on campus, school officials said Monday. 
 
Adams was taken into custody by UCLA police shortly after 3:30 a.m. Sunday for allegedly using force to take a cell phone from an Uber driver, according to UCLA spokesman Tod Tamberg. 
 
The Daily Bruin reported Adams allegedly tried to take the cell phone outside of UCPD headquarters on campus. 
 
He was being held on $100,000 bail following his arrest, Tamberg said. 
 
Starting all 26 games for the Bruins over the past two seasons, Adams led UCLA with four interceptions in 2013 and returned two intercepted passes for touchdowns in 2014, tying the school record. 
 
He also scored a touchdown on a 100-yard kickoff return against Arizona State. 
 
—– 
 
  
 
August 30th 
 
… Foe Pause … 
 
Washington to keep name of starting quarterback a secret for opener against Boise State 
 
From ESPN … Washington has found its starting quarterback, but coach Chris Petersen said the Huskies will keep that information under wraps until Friday’s season opener at No. 23 Boise State. 
 
“Because it’s so late, we think [keeping it private] helps us a whole lot,” Petersen said. 
 
“Our guys know what’s going on and that’s the important thing,” Petersen said. “We’re five days before the game, [naming a starter] doesn’t help us a whole lot.” 
 
True freshman Jake Browning, redshirt junior Jeff Lindquist and redshirt freshman K.J. Carta-Samuels have been in competition for the job since January when Browning enrolled early. Browning, who threw for 16,775 yards and 229 touchdowns during a record-setting career at Folsom (Calif.) High, has received strong reviews and is generally considered the favorite to win the job. 
 
The team’s previous starter, Cyler Miles, retired from football due to a chronic hip injury. 
 
Petersen left Boise State after 13 seasons, the final eight as head coach, for the Huskies before the 2014 season. Kickoff is set for 10:15 p.m. ET on ESPN. 
 
—– 
 
  
 
August 29th 
 
… Foe Pause … 
 
Report: DirecTV deal with Pac-12 a done deal 
 
From Pacific Takes … It sounds like the impasse between the Pac-12 and DirecTV will come to an end.  It was reported that DirecTV was testing the Pac-12 Network on Channel 612 , which was usually the precursor to the channel becoming available on a satellite or cable carrier. DirecTV will make a deal that should come into play in time for the start or near the start of the 2015 college football season.  BruinReport has learned this through their sources . 
 
DirecTV is the last major carrier that the Pac-12 has wanted to get on board, their proverbial white whale so to speak.  DISH signed up years ago ,  Comcast, Time Warner, Bright House and Cox were the first to get on board, AT&T also recently joined up, and plenty of local cable carriers on the West Coast also have the conference channel. But DirecTV makes the Pac-12 Network a true national network, like with the SEC and Big Ten Network. It should ensure long term visibility and give the conference coast-to-coast viewing ability for any sports fan. Because NFL Sunday Ticket is exclusively carried by DirecTV, it remains the best option for all sports fans across the country. Now the Pac-12 doesn’t have to worry about that anymore. 
 
—– 
 
  
 
August 28th 
 
… Foe Pause … 
 
Former Eastern Washington quarterback Vernon Adams named starter at Oregon 
 
From the Oregonian …  It took Vernon Adams Jr. two months to pass one final math class before he could complete his transfer from Eastern Washington and enroll at Oregon. 
 
Once he got on campus, however, acing the Ducks’ quarterback test took just two weeks. 
 
Oregon’s first depth chart of the 2015 college football season, released Friday afternoon, listed Adams as the starter and Jeff Lockie his backup for the Sept. 5 season opener against Eastern Washington — his former team. 
 
The race to replace Heisman Trophy winning quarterback Marcus Mariota came down to Adams, the dynamic playmaker who accounted for 121 touchdowns in three seasons as Eastern Washington’s starter at the Football Championship Subdivision, and Lockie, the career backup who even Adams acknowledged knows the UO playbook better than anyone. 
 
Yet Adams appears to have won the job decisively. Oregon typically adds an “OR” next to a player’s name on a depth chart when a competition is close, but no such distinction separates Adams and Lockie. 
 
Given Adams’ FCS-level accolades — a two-time runner-up for the Walter Payton Award, along with a stunning victory over top-25-ranked Oregon State in 2013 — Friday’s decision wasn’t unexpected. But his late arrival to camp cast doubt as to whether he’d fit into Oregon’s offense quickly enough in order to start the first game. 
 
Friday’s announcement answered that loud and clear, even if coaches and players were unavailable for comment. 
 
— 
 
  
 
DirecTV deal with Pac-12 may finally be a done deal 
 
There have been no official announcements, but the Twitter universe seems to believe it is actually coming to fruition. 
 
… Here is an example … 
 
More this afternoon when (hopefully not “if”) there is an announcement 
 
  
 
— 
 
Stewart Mandel from Fox Sports projects Colorado to be bowl eligible this fall 
 
While Mandel has Colorado playing in the Birmingham Bowl as a fill-in for an SEC team, it’s heady stuff to have a national columnist to actually project the Buffs to be bowl eligible. 
 
Overall, Mandel has nine Pac-12 teams being eligible for bowl bids (including all of the Pac-12 South, and excluding Oregon State, Washington, and Washington State. Counting the Rose Bowl/playoffs, the Pac-12 has seven bowl tie-ins. In Mandel’s projection, a second Pac-12 team, Arizona State, earns a Fiesta Bowl bid, with Colorado filling a vacancy when not enough SEC teams are eligible for bowl bids. 
 
The entire list can be found here . The Pac-12 bowl projections can be found below (you have to like the idea of pitting Utah against BYU in a bowl game (the teams don’t meet up in the regular season this year): 
 
Playoff bowls 
    Dec. 31  Peach  Atlanta  Notre Dame (at-large) vs. Boise State (Group of 5)    Dec. 31  Cotton  Arlington, Texas  Texas A&M (CFP No. 2) vs. TCU (CFP No. 3)    Dec. 31  Orange  Miami  Ohio St. (CFP No. 1) vs. Auburn (CFP No. 4)    Jan. 1  Fiesta  Glendale, Ariz.  Virginia Tech (ACC) vs. Arizona State (at-large)    Jan. 1  Rose  Pasadena, Calif.  Michigan St. (B1G) vs. Oregon (Pac-12)    Jan. 1  Sugar  New Orleans  Alabama (SEC) vs. Baylor (Big 12)     
Other Pac-12 bowl projections: 
    Dec. 19  Las Vegas  Las Vegas  BYU (MWC No. 1 or BYU) vs. Utah (Pac-12 No. 6)        Dec. 26  Sun  El Paso, Texas  Clemson (ACC Nos. 3-6) vs. Arizona (Pac-12 No. 5)        Dec. 26  Foster Farms  Santa Clara, Calif.  USC (Pac-12 No. 4) vs. Northwestern (B1G Nos. 5-7)        Dec. 30  Birmingham  Birmingham, Ala.  Houston (American) vs. Colorado *+ (SEC No. 9-10)        Dec. 30  Holiday  San Diego  UCLA (Pac-12 No. 3) vs. Wisconsin (B1G Nos. 2-4)        Jan. 2  Alamo  San Antonio  Oklahoma (Big 12 No. 2) vs. Stanford (Pac-12 No. 2)        Jan. 2  Cactus  Tempe, Ariz.  Kansas State (Big 12 No. 6) vs. Cal (Pac-12 No. 7)     
—– 
 
  
 
August 27th 
 
… Foe Pause …  
 
Pac-12 Networks announce on-air talent for upcoming season … Jeremy Bloom to work the CU home opener 
 
From the Pac-12 … With the 2015 college football season just days away, Pac-12 Networks has made its on-air broadcasting assignments for its live football game telecasts for the first three weeks of season, available on Pac-12 Networks and online at Pac-12.com. 
 
Over the three-week span, the Networks will televise an unprecedented 17 games – more Pac-12 football action than ESPN and FOX combined. The early slate features home openers for nine schools: Arizona, Arizona State, California, Colorado, Oregon, Oregon State, Washington, Washington State, USC. 
 
As an added bonus to fans, the nation’s biggest cable providers will offer a ‘free preview’ of Pac-12 Networks September 1 – September 20. In addition to covering all 17 football games, fans will have access to 27 Olympic sports including men’s and women’s soccer, women’s volleyball and field hockey, plus original programming such as: Pac-12 Sports Report , Inside Pac-12 Football , One-on-One , Pac-12 Football in 60 and Pac-12 Classics . 
 
The free preview of Pac-12 Networks will be available to DISH Network and Time Warner Cable subscribers nationwide, plus Cox customers in Southern California and Las Vegas markets, as well as Comcast customers across California. 
 
Pac-12 Networks’ full slate of live football game telecasts in 2015 once again will be voiced by a team of veteran broadcasters including: Ted Robinson , Kevin Calabro , Roxy Bernstein , JB Long , Jim Watson , Guy Haberman and Josh Lewin . Glenn Parker , Yogi Roth , Jeremy Bloom and Mike Pawlawski return as game analysts with two former offensive standouts – Washington’s Lincoln Kennedy and former Stanford TE Evan Moore – making their debut in the booth this season. 
 
Jill Savage , Lewis Johnson , Ashley Adamson and Drea Avent all return to provide reports from the sidelines. 
 
One-hour prior to every football game, the Pac-12 Football Pregame Show features new host Anthony Herron , alongside a rotation of analysts including Curtis Conway , Nick Aliotti and Ronnie Lott setting the stage on game day each week from San Francisco. Mike Yam takes over at the end of the night for Pac-12 Final Score , to put a bow on all the day’s action with Nigel Burton and Kennedy. 
 
Below are the announcing teams for the first three weeks of the football season. Assignments for the rest of the season will be announced along with the game selections and times six to 12 days in advance of each week. 
 
September 12 · Massachusetts at Colorado · 11:00 a.m. 
 
Josh Lewin – play-by-play 
 
Jeremy Bloom – analyst 
 
—– 
 
  
 
August 26th 
 
… Foe Pause …  
 
UCLA names freshman Josh Rosen starting quarterback 
 
From CBS Sports … So it seems that if your coach rips you in practice, it doesn’t mean you can’t start for him. 
 
A week after UCLA coach Jim Mora gave freshman quarterback Josh Rosen an earful in front of the media , Rosen has been named the starting quarterback for the Bruins in 2015. 
 
The decision doesn’t come as a huge surprise, as Rosen was a highly-touted recruit out of St. John Bosco in Bellflower, California. The five-star prospect was rated as the top pro-style quarterback in the 2015 recruiting class by 247Sports. 
 
Still, no matter how many stars a kid has coming out of high school, Rosen will still be a true freshman quarterback starting for a Bruins team that enters 2015 with high expectations. UCLA enters the season ranked No. 13 in the AP Poll, and No. 14 in the Coaches Poll, and has won a total of 20 games the last years. 
 
But that was with Brett Hundley running the show. 
 
It will be interesting to see if UCLA can live up to the hype while also dealing with the bumps in the road that come with playing a true freshman at the most important position on the field. That being said, it’s clear that Mora believes in Rosen, or else he wouldn’t be giving him the job. 
 
— 
 
  
 
ESPN: Sefo Liufau 8th-best quarterback in the Pac-12 
 
From ESPN … We’re ranking the Pac-12’s quarterback situations entering the 2015 season. Not all starting battles are set yet, but here’s our first stab at it: 
 
8. Colorado: Buffs coach Mike MacIntyre recently said this: “After this year is over, I think people are going to say Sefo Liufau is one of the best junior quarterbacks in America.” That statement will obviously be received with skepticism, but Liufau certainly wasn’t an absolute weakness on a bad 2014 Colorado team. He did throw 15 interceptions, but expect that number to drop if the Buffs’ defense improves and doesn’t force Liufau to play nearly constant desperation football. 
 
Teams ranked below Colorado … 9. Utah (somewhat of a surprise, considering the success Travis Wilson has had over his career); 10. UCLA (drama in the choice between freshman Josh Rosen and Jerry Neuheisel; 11. Oregon State (already announced the Beavers will alternate quarterbacks during non-conference play); and 12. Washington (uncertainty as to when a starter will even be named). 
 
—-

Video will begin in 5 seconds. 
   More video  Recommended   Replay video       US clerk refuses gay marriage under 'God's authority'  
A county clerk in the US state Kentucky refuses to issue a marriage licence to same-sex couples on religious grounds. 
 PT1M2S   620  349    
Ashland: A county clerk in Kentucky was held in contempt of court and jailed on Thursday for failing to issue marriage licences to gay couples in defiance of the US Supreme Court. 

But five of Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis' six deputies later told the judge in a second hearing that they were willing to issue the licences. 

It remained to be seen whether US District Judge David Bunning, at a third hearing later on Thursday, would grant a request by Ms Davis' lawyers to release her. 
 
Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis listens to a customer following her office's refusal to issue marriage licences at the Rowan County Courthouse in Morehead, Kentucky. Photo: AP  
  
That hearing was scheduled for Thursday afternoon (US time) to determine Ms Davis' fate. Judge Bunning earlier said he was not inclined to release her on Thursday. 
 
 
 
Ms Davis, who broke down crying, was led away by US Marshals after the first hearing. 

The 49-year-old woman, who has emerged as a darling of social conservatives, has refused to issue licences to any couples, gay or straight, since the US Supreme Court in June ruled that same-sex couples have the right to marry under the US Constitution, citing her beliefs as an Apostolic Christian. 
 
Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis, right, talks with David Moore following her office's refusal to issue marriage licences at the Rowan County Courthouse in Morehead, Kentucky, on Tuesday. Photo: AP  
  
Thursday's proceedings were the culmination of months of legal wrangling and refusals to abide a judge's order to do her job that had drawn national attention from those both for and against gay marriage rights. 

"Marriage is a union between one man and one woman," she told the court under questioning by her attorney.  

Reuters 

Follow FairfaxForeign on Twitter 

Follow FairfaxForeign on

Baker Hughes (NYSE:BHI) has earned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the twenty-seven ratings firms that are covering the firm, MarketBeat reports. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, eight have given a hold recommendation, fourteen have given a buy recommendation and one has assigned a strong buy recommendation to the…  
Baker Hughes (NYSE:BHI) has earned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the twenty-seven ratings firms that are covering the firm, MarketBeat reports. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, eight have given a hold recommendation, fourteen have given a buy recommendation and one has assigned a strong buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $76.31. 

Shares of Baker Hughes (NYSE:BHI) traded down 3.29% during trading on Thursday, reaching $53.47. 4,364,462 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Baker Hughes has a 52 week low of $44.11 and a 52 week high of $70.45. The firm has a market capitalization of $23.31 billion and a PE ratio of 89.56. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $54.38 and its 200 day moving average price is $61.18. 

Baker Hughes (NYSE:BHI) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, July 21st. The oilfield services provider reported ($0.14) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.13) by $0.01. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.92 earnings per share. The business had revenue of $3.97 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.88 billion. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 33.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Baker Hughes will post ($0.32) EPS for the current fiscal year. 

The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, September 23rd. Investors of record on Wednesday, September 2nd will be given a $0.17 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, August 31st. This represents a $0.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.27 

%. 

A number of analysts have weighed in on the stock. Howard Weil lowered their price target on shares of Baker Hughes from $75.00 to $62.00 in a research report on Thursday. Jefferies Group decreased their target price on shares of Baker Hughes to $68.00 in a research report on Friday, September 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price target on shares of Baker Hughes from $69.00 to $65.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, August 26th. Iberia Capital raised shares of Baker Hughes to a “conviction list” rating in a research note on Wednesday, August 26th. Finally, Susquehanna reduced their price target on shares of Baker Hughes from $72.00 to $68.00 and set a “positive” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, August 24th. 

In other news, VP Khalid M. Nouh sold 16,937 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, July 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.73, for a total value of $1,028,584.01. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC…

WASHINGTON (CNN) – A day after the Senate secured President Barack Obama’s Iran nuclear deal, blocking a Republican resolution to scuttle it, the GOP-led House pressed forward with a pair of votes designed to show a majority of the chamber disapproves of the agreement. 

The votes can’t prevent the administration from starting to implement the agreement later this month, but Republicans want to send a political message. 

A bill approving of the nuclear deal was resoundingly defeated, with 25 Democrats joining House Republicans in expressing opposition to the pact. One Republican, Kentucky Rep. Tom Massie, voted “present.” 

On a second vote largely along party lines, the House passed legislation stating that the President could not unilaterally lift statutory sanctions. The measure was non-binding, and Senate Republicans have no plans to advance the bill. The vote was 247 to 186, with two Democrats voting with Republicans. 

Paving the way for a possible legal challenge, the House passed a non-binding resolution on Thursday stating that the President violated the law by not giving Congress the details on “side deals” to the nuclear agreement related to inspections of Iranian sites, which are government by secret arrangements between Tehran and the U.N.’s International Atomic Energy Agency.

What may be causing this? 
 You are attempting to access this page via a Webhosting Account  Scripted access to public pages is not allowed.  You are accessing the web via a proxy.  If you are using a public proxy, you may wish to switch to another or disable it. If you believe your ISP is using a transparent proxy, please let us know .  You or someone on your network is running a bot to crawl our site.  Please contact your Network Administrator if you believe this to be the case.  
We just need you to enter a Captcha so we can confirm that you are a person and not a bot.

RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C.--( BUSINESS WIRE )--Humacyte, Inc., a pioneer in biotechnology and regenerative medicine, 
      announced today that company founder, Laura Niklason, M.D., Ph.D., and 
      Robert Langer, Ph.D., Humacyte Board Director and Massachusetts 
      Institute of Technology (MIT) Institute Professor, will deliver keynote 
      addresses at the 4 th TERMIS World Congress. The event, held 
      every three years, brings together researchers, scientists, trainees, 
      and students from academia and healthcare to discuss critical 
      developments in regenerative medicine. 
  
The TERMIS World Congress will take place September 8-11, in Boston, 
      Mass., at the Boston Marriott Copley Place. The theme for this year’s 
      meeting is, “Past, Present, Future: The Evolution of Regenerative 
      Medicine,” reflecting the impact of tissue engineering throughout the 
      past two decades, and highlighting future developments. Drs. Niklason 
      and Langer will each present their success to date in the field of 
      tissue engineering and organ regeneration and applications of their work. 
 
Dr. Langer, a world-renowned scientist and engineer, whose laboratory’s 
      research at MIT focuses on biotechnology and materials science, will 
      deliver a keynote lecture titled ‘Biomaterials and Tissue Engineering’ 
      on September 9 from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. in the Ballroom. Dr. 
      Niklason, a pioneer in the development of an investigational tissue 
      engineered blood vessel with potential to help patients in need of 
      vascular replacements, will address the conference on September 11 from 
      8:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. in the Ballroom, through a presentation entitled, 
      “Platforms and Complexity in Tissue and Organ Regeneration.” 
 
A visionary leader in the field of regenerative medicine and cellular 
      therapies, Dr. Niklason is a Professor at Yale University in Biomedical 
      Engineering and Anesthesia, and also serves as Vice-Chair for Anesthesia 
      at Yale. She is a world-leader in the development of investigational 
      engineered blood vessels, as well as the engineering of whole 
      implantable tissue-engineered lungs. Dr. Niklason’s research focuses 
      primarily on regenerative strategies for cardiovascular and lung 
      tissues, and the impact of biomechanical and biochemical signals of 
      tissue differentiation and development. 
 
“TERMIS brings together world-class scientists and researchers who are 
      working towards the common goal of delivering transformative 
      applications to improve patient care and quality of life,” said Dr. 
      Niklason. 
 
In 2004, Dr. Niklason founded Humacyte, Inc., which has developed an 
      investigational off-the-shelf bioengineered blood vessel for 
      implantation in hemodialysis applications. The human acellular vessel is 
      made by cultivating donated human cells on a tubular scaffold. The 
      vessel is then decellularized, with the goal of removing the qualities 
      that might trigger an immune response. In 2014, the Food and Drug 
      Administration granted ‘Fast Track’ designation for this investigational 
      vessel for vascular access in hemodialysis patients, expediting the 
      regulatory review process. 
 
A foremost authority in the biotechnology field, Dr. Langer has authored 
      more than 1,280 articles, and has nearly 1,050 patents worldwide. Dr. 
      Langer is the most cited engineer in history, with his patents having 
      been licensed or sublicensed to over 250 pharmaceutical, chemical, 
      biotechnology and medical device companies. 
 
“It’s apropos that the TERMIS Congress is taking place in Boston, which 
      has been in many respects, the epicenter of many noble scientific and 
      drug discoveries and advances in regenerative medicine,” said Dr. 
      Langer. “This conference is a culmination of decades of work, excellence 
      in scientific discovery, which has led us to a place where regenerative 
      medicine is positively changing patient care from the lab to hospitals.” 
 
To access the full TERMIS World Congress program, visit http://www.termis.org/wc2015/program.php . 
 
 About Humacyte  
 
Humacyte, Inc., a privately held company founded in 2004, is a medical 
      research, discovery and development company with clinical and 
      pre-clinical stage investigational products. Humacyte is primarily 
      focused on developing and commercializing a proprietary novel technology 
      based on human tissue-based products for key applications in 
      regenerative medicine and vascular surgery. The company uses its 
      innovative, proprietary platform technology to engineer human, 
      extracellular matrix-based tissues that can be shaped into tubes, 
      sheets, or particulate conformations, with properties similar to native 
      tissues. These are being developed for potential use in many specific 
      applications, with the goal to significantly improve treatment outcomes 
      for many patients, including those with vascular disease and those 
      requiring hemodialysis. The company’s proprietary technologies are 
      designed to create off-the-shelf products that, once approved, can be 
      utilized in any patient. The company web site is www.humacyte.com .

School is back in session, which means inevitable late nights putting the finishing touches on an essay, or cramming as many formulas into your head as you can before the next exam. Since most game music is designed to create a backdrop for gameplay and help focus the player on solving whatever problems lie before them, it’s no coincidence that many of the best game soundtracks are also great resources for studying.  Here are 10 of the best you can download right now: 
 





 





 


It should come as no surprise that one of the most visually arresting games in recent memory has a soundtrack equally as incredible. The music for Journey, by Austin Wintory, is atmospheric, meditative, and relaxing. Wintory manages to mimic Journey’s warm color palette in its music, creating washes of sound that gently ebb and flow. This album is a must-listen for those who gravitate toward soothing music while they work. 
 

Continue reading…

Back in June, during my first few weeks in my new job , my days were busy. Extremely busy. So busy, in fact, that pretty much every minute of every workday was filled with a meeting to attend or a task to accomplish. Other than the occasional quick restroom break, I spent all of my time those days either at my desk or in a meeting room. I even ate lunch at my desk while trying to catch up on work. Anytime you start a new job, you spend the first few weeks drinking from the proverbial firehose, so I wasn't surprised by how busy I was. And to be honest, I found the learning process exhilarating and exciting, if also a bit exhausting. Now that I'm about three months into the new gig, the days are still quite busy, but they have grown more manageable. That means I'm able to take short breaks during the day, sometimes escaping our freezing office space to thaw out with a walk around the block or stretching my legs with a quick jaunt through the hallways of the building. These breaks always help me gather my thoughts, refocus on the tasks I've got to do next and prepare mentally for the coming block of work time. Personal experiences like these have made me a big believer in the benefits of breaks. I see them as little opportunities to build work-life balance in the middle of an average day at the office. As such, I was interested to read the results of a new study on work breaks from two researchers in Baylor University’s Hankamer School of Business. According to a Baylor press release about the study, researchers Emily Hunter and Cindy Wu, associate professors of management, surveyed 95 employees (ages 22-67) over a five-day workweek. Each person was asked to document each break he or she took during that time, excluding bathroom breaks. Hunter and Wu then analyzed a total of 959 break surveys, or an average of two breaks per person per day. They said in the press release that the results of the study should be beneficial to both managers and employees. “We took some of our layperson hypotheses about what we believed were helpful in a break and tested those empirically in the best way possible,” Hunter said in the release. “What we found was that a better workday break was not composed of many of the things we believed.” Page 2 of 3 - For example, many residents of Cubeville like to push through their mornings, staying busy and delaying any breaks until lunchtime . I often find myself in that situation. But Hunter and Wu found that a break earlier in the workday replenishes more of an employee's resources of energy, concentration and motivation. “We found that when more hours had elapsed since the beginning of the work shift, fewer resources and more symptoms of poor health were reported after a break,” the study said. “Therefore, breaks later in the day seem to be less effective.” They also found that better breaks incorporated activities that employees preferred, even if those activities were work-related. “Finding something on your break that you prefer to do — something that’s not given to you or assigned to you — are the kinds of activities that are going to make your breaks much more restful, provide better recovery and help you come back to work stronger,” Hunter said in the press release. I've definitely found this to be true. If I'm working on an assigned task during a break — like reading a report during lunch — it doesn't feel like a break at all. But if I spend that downtime on a work or personal project of my choice, I'm much more refreshed and rejuvenated when the break is done. And that's important, because the study also found that taking good breaks led workers to experience fewer maladies like headaches, eyestrain and lower back pain at work. Employees who took good breaks also had better job satisfaction and less burnout, according to the study. This is definitely information bosses should ponder. The team I manage is an incredibly hard-working group, and I worry that they're going to get burned out . If I pay more attention to their schedules and encourage them to take breaks — and model that behavior myself — perhaps I can help them avoid that problem. But how long should breaks last to be beneficial? Unfortunately, the Baylor study didn't have a solid answer to that question, although the research did seem to find that more frequent, shorter breaks were associated with more positive outcomes for workers. “Unlike your cellphone, which popular wisdom tells us should be depleted to zero percent before you charge it fully to 100 percent, people instead need to charge more frequently throughout the day,” Hunter said in the press release. That makes sense to me. After all, no one likes a dead battery. I'd be interested to hear your reactions to this study. How often do you take breaks during the workday, and when do they usually occur? How long do they last? What kinds of breaks are most beneficial to you? What suggestions would you offer to people who aren't sure how to manage their work breaks? Page 3 of 3 - Send me an email or leave a comment online, and I'll share some of your responses in a future column. And one more thing. If you're looking for a quick break every Tuesday morning, reading my column would probably give you a solid 5-7 minutes away from the daily grind. Just saying.

Paul di Resta analyses both Sebastian Vettel and Lewis Hamilton's qualifying for the Singapore GP 

Sebastian Vettel has admitted his surprise at defeating Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton by over a second in qualifying for the Singapore GP to claim Ferrari's first dry pole in five years. 

The four-times world champion produced one of the laps of the year to register the Scuderia first pole position since 2012 and the team's first in dry conditions since F1 visited Singapore in 2010. It was also the German's first pole since Brazil 2013. 

Remarkably, not only did Vettel claim pole by half a second from Daniel Ricciardo with his Ferrari team-mate Kimi Raikkonen a further two tenths adrift, but he beat the fifth-placed Lewis Hamilton, chasing a record-equalling eighth consecutive pole in F1, by over 1.4 seconds. With Nico Rosberg a place behind Hamilton, it was, by a distance, Mercedes' worst result of F1's new turbo era. 

"It's a surprise. I thought they were sandbagging because there's no doubt they have the strongest package this year," said a startled Vettel. "They must have some issues. 

"But I wouldn't rule them out for tomorrow. It's not the easiest circuit to overtake, but if you have the pace you can come through. So I expect them to be strong tomorrow." 

It would certainly be foolish to write off Mercedes but Ferrari, closely followed by Red Bull, appear to have boasted a significant pace advantage all weekend with Vettel consistently a step ahead of Raikkonen and the chasing pack. 

But why? Ferrari introduced a brand-new upgraded engine two weeks ago at Monza, a change which immediately coincided with better single-lap pace from the Scuderia. However, the team are adamant that their new engines couldn't have been a factor in their unexpected superiority under the Marina Bay lights. 

"The effect of horsepower around here is about point one of a second so it's inconceivable you could make that sort of difference with horsepower," a bemused but delighted James Allision told Sky Sports F1. "The gap to Red Bull is more or less what it should be around this sort of track but the strange thing is how slow the Mercs were." 

Sebastian Vettel celebrates after landing his first pole for Ferrari in Singapore 

So was it a case of Ferrari making gains while Mercedes lost their way to create the perfect qualifying storm? While a frustrated Hamilton attributed his lack of speed to gripless tyres, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff admitted his team were at a loss to understand the scale of their defeat. 

"Shocked is probably not the right word but we are very surprised," said Wolff to Sky Sports F1. "We have been surprised from the beginning onwards. We start with a certain simulation and what you expect from the track and somehow it hasn't worked. It could be many various factors. We've been very good for two years and not put a foot wrong but this time it was a step backwards." 

Yet the last word must go to Vettel as the German celebrated his first pole position in Ferrari colours. "It's a street circuit and the better you feel, the closer you get to the walls, the quicker you can go," he added. "It's a circuit where the driver can make the difference." 

And yes, the finger is back... 

Don't miss Sky Sports F1's exclusively live coverage of the 2015 Singapore GP. Race-day coverage begins on Sunday at 11.30am with lights out at 1pm. Watch the Singapore GP for £6.99 with NOW TV

Fresh from my late summer vacation, I’m back in rainy London, in the process of enrolling for the Legal Practice Course (LPC). 
 
The impending return to lectures, seminars and routine is as welcome as it is worrisome. On the one hand, I am keen to return to actually having plans for that involve something other than socialising and drinking. On the other hand, I am keen to retain spending every day drinking and socialising! But on a serious note, I do want to continue hurtling towards the moment of qualifying as a solicitor. 
 
Aside from my return to responsibility land, another source of apprehension is the mixed reviews I’ve heard about what the LPC is like. Some have told me it’s easy; others have said it’s too hard and a third group, seemingly unfazed by its difficulty, have told me it’s just plain boring. None of these adjectives inspire confidence, but I’m determined to enter the course with an open mind and report back to my reader(s) as objectively as possible! So far, points to note are that the University of Law (ULaw) uses Office365 instead of Gmail (which my univeristy used) as its email client... which is a fairly cluttered email provider, from my previous experience of it. In addition, ULaw uses an online learning environment called Blackboard as opposed to the Moodle I got used to at Greenwich. Thus far, neither of these banal facts have confirmed or denied the aspersions previously cast to me.  
 
Speaking of reporting back, while I was in Canada I did actually go to a court room and watch a Canadian court case! (Sad right?) I mean, there’s a slightly less sad explanation in that the judge was my friend’s old boss, but I feel this will not prevent the decrease in my coolness levels right now… as if it were ever high! In any case, it was largely the same as a court in the United Kingdp, – what with Canada being a common law country, this is unsurprising – however, there was slightly less formality. No one said "your lordship", "my learned friend" or other deferential terms. In all, it seemed slightly more conversational in style – but nevertheless equally as nerve-wracking for the lawyers, I’m sure. Also, the lawyers didn’t wear gowns, just suits – not even darkly coloured suits at that (the horror)! The court was also massive compared to the ones I’ve seen in the United Kingdom, spanning (if I remember correctly) six floors – everything is bigger on the other side of the Atlantic. So fair reader(s), don’t say I don’t spoil you with stories of my adventures to far-flung corners of the globe! 
 
On that jaw-dropping story, I shall return to recovering from jetlag and enrolling to begin the LPC that starts in a couple of weeks, stay tuned!  

Rihanna has said she doesn’t ever see herself performing with Taylor Swift, because they just “don’t match”. 
 
The rebellious B*** Better Have My Money singer appears smoking on the cover of the first free edition of the NME, and told the magazine she thinks of Taylor as a role model, while she herself is not one. 
 
Taylor recently had a string of stars join her on stage for her world tour, from Justin Timberlake and Wiz Khalifa to Cara Delevingne and Selena Gomez. 
 
Asked if she would appear with Taylor if invited, Rihanna said: “I don’t think I would. I just don’t think it makes sense. 
   
 Share article  
   
“I don’t think our brands are the same: I don’t think they match, I don’t think our audiences are the same. In my mind she’s a role model, I’m not.”

This year's Ustinov Clubs and Socs Fair will be taking place on Sunday 4th October, 1-5 at Fisher House. We will have a stall there, where you can come and chat to some team members and sign up for the mailing list.

If you can't make the fair but would like to sign up or find out more information, email Fienke (j.a.nanne@durham.ac.uk) or Laura (l.j.campbell@dur.ac.uk).

Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: David Pierce. David Pierce	Gear	Date of Publication: 09.17.15. 09.17.15 Time of Publication: 9:00 am. 9:00 am Amazon Has 6 New Devices—And an Actual Plan for Hardware Slide: 1 / of 6	. Caption: The Fire HD 8 comes in a bunch of funky colors, and a slimmer plastic body. Amazon	Slide: 2 / of 6	. Caption: The Fire Kids' Edition has a big bumper on it, plus a two-year replacement guarantee if it breaks. Amazon	Slide: 3 / of 6	. Caption: The 7-inch Fire is low-end, but it's ridiculously cheap: just $49.99. Amazon	Slide: 4 / of 6	. Caption: The Fire HD 10 has a 10-inch screen designed specifically for watching movies. Amazon	Slide: 5 / of 6	. Caption: The Fire TV Stick now comes with voice search, and new capabilities with Alexa. Amazon	Slide: 6 / of 6	. Caption: The Fire TV does voice search, has lots of content...and will stream in 4K. Amazon	Advertisement Related Galleries The Oddly Beautiful Artificial Light of the World's Cities What It's Like to Stare a Hurricane Wave in the Face You Can't Understand Design Without Experiencing These 14 Classic Works Amazon announced six new devices this morning—and not one of them is a phone. In fact, all seven are staunchly not the kind of do-everything device the company attempted with the Fire Phone. With four tablets and two set-top boxes, Amazon made a single statement: We win at entertainment. You want to draw, futz with spreadsheets, or map the human genome? Great. Buy an iPad (preferably on Amazon.com!). But if you’re a Prime member looking for a way to watch movies, read books, or listen to music, Amazon believes firmly there’s no better way than with Amazon. And honestly, it makes a pretty compelling case. Before we go further, here are the seven new devices: • A faster Fire TV box with 4K support: $99.99 • A new Fire TV Stick with Voice Search and Alex voice control: $39.99 • A 10.1-inch Kindle Fire HD tablet: $229 • Same thing, 8 inches: $149.99 • A 7-inch Fire tablet for the super-cheap: $49.99 • The kids’ version with a bumper and a two-year replacement guarantee: $99.99 Whew! There are a few highlights worth pointing out: The Fire TV’s 4K support (and Amazon’s impressive selection of 4K content) is a huge upgrade, not to mention a pointed victory over the new Apple TV. Alexa integration means you get almost all the capability of the voice-powered Amazon Echo box, right on your TV. The tablets have bigger screens than before, but are thinner and still pretty easy to hold. Everything—everything—is created with reading and watching in mind. The new tablets also come with a completely redesigned version of their operating system called Fire OS 5. Next to the carousel-filled, dark-on-dark interfaces Amazon’s built before, Fire OS 5 is a refreshing and desperately needed change. Now, you get a light background and a grid of content; your favorite stuff on one page, your recent stuff on another, all your movies on another yet. It feels usable, really for the first time. And there’s a reason: Amazon has finally figured out exactly what the Fire devices are about. Remember that old maxim “tablets are for consumption?” As other big companies like Apple and Microsoft have fought tooth and nail to prove they’re more than just movie-watching devices, Amazon’s leaning into the idea. These are devices for watching movies. And reading books, and watching TV shows, and listening to music. Thing is, Amazon is really, really good at those things. And there are lots of people who want them. Amazon’s proven it can make good hardware and sell it for less than most of its competitors. That’s true here too: the new Fire HD tablets are thin and light, and still impressively durable. During his demonstrations, Dave Limp, Amazon’s head of devices, pulled out an iPad Air and a Fire HD that had gone through equivalent tests. The iPad’s screen was shattered; the Fire’s plastic was scuffed but the device was otherwise perfect. They have decently loud speakers, lots of nice accessories, the whole nine yards. Even the $50 model looks pretty good! On the TV side, the Fire TV has been maybe the best set-top box on the market since the day it came out. (Or at least since whatever day it finally got HBO.) Now, with Alexa, the voice search should be even more useful. There’s a new controller for gaming, a bunch of upgraded hardware inside the box, and improvements to the ASAP feature that pre-caches video to make it play faster. And not only do the new set-top boxes offer 4K streaming, they use a better kind of video encoding (called HEVC) that uses less bandwidth to stream video. That means you’re more likely to get a high-def stream, even when you have a bad connection. Every good new feature of the new devices exists in service of one single thing: content. Books, music, movies, TV shows, games, all the things you do when you’re not doing the work everybody else wants you to do on their tablets. When Amazon does its job well, it makes finding and consuming stuff easier than anyone else. There are plenty of gaps in Amazon’s content ecosystem, sure. And let’s not forget that you’re still paying $99 a year for access, on top of the price of your device. (If you’re not already a Prime subscriber, any Fire device basically morphs into one unending Prime commercial.) But Amazon has integrated so many other sources—there are 3,000 channels, apps, and games for Fire TV, they say—that anything you can’t find from Amazon you can probably get from Netflix, Hulu, HBO Now, Sling, or, I don’t know, the Red Bull channel. It’s tough to beat the Fire ecosystem when it comes to the size of the content firehose. Now, the products are finally focused on this core competency and little else. Rather than blindly assume everyone lives entirely within Amazon’s ecosystem—which has proven a road to ruin—the company’s just hoping people want to watch some movies. After years of trying to find itself, Amazon finally seems to have a clear sense of what its own devices are for. It’s finally not competing with the iPad and Rokus of the world. These devices are mostly just another benefit to Prime customers, like two-day shipping or the super-cheap grocery shopping options. That clarity of purpose seems to have come with a certain clarity of execution, too. Amazon’s devices should be good enough to make that content easy to access, and as cheap as physically possible. (Someday, we’ll all get these devices free with our Prime subscriptions.) Amazon’s software should be insanely easy to use, and its recommendations should be so good you never run out of stuff to do. Once all that happens—and the new devices are a pretty big step in that direction—Amazon’s going to have a hell of a device lineup on its hands. Just as long as it doesn’t try making any more phones. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Amazonfirefire hdgalleryKindlestreaming tvtablets	Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Latest News Here Is Your WIRED Star Wars Challenge for Day 137	Movies	Here Is Your WIRED Star Wars Challenge for Day 137 1 hour This Is Clearly the Best Street Fighter Product Ever	Chris Kohler	This Is Clearly the Best Street Fighter Product Ever 8 hours Inside Sony’s Very, Very Japanese PlayStation VR Booth	Chris Kohler	Inside Sony’s Very, Very Japanese PlayStation VR Booth 8 hours Sega Is Back, In Shoe Form	Daniel Feit	Sega Is Back, In Shoe Form 9 hours Hands On: Hyrule Warriors Gets Toon Makeover On 3DS	Chris Kohler	Hands On: Hyrule Warriors Gets Toon Makeover On 3DS 9 hours More News

OLDWICK, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- 

A.M. Best has affirmed the financial strength rating (FSR) of B+ (Good) and the issuer credit ratings (ICR) of "bbb-" of MVP Health Plan, Inc. and its affiliate, MVP Health Service Corp. Additionally, A.M. Best has upgraded the FSR to B+ (Good) from B (Fair) and the ICR of "bbb-" from "bb" of MVP Health Insurance Company. Concurrently, A.M. Best has withdrawn the FSR of B (Fair) and the ICR of "bb" of MVP Health Insurance Company of New Hampshire, Inc. (Bedford, NH). The outlook for all ratings remains stable, except for the outlook on MVP Health Services Corp’s ratings, which was revised to stable from negative. Collectively, all companies are subsidiaries of their direct parent, MVP Health Care, Inc., and are domiciled in Schenectady, NY, unless otherwise specified. 

The upgrading of the ratings of MVP Health Insurance Company reflects its revised strategic role within the group, with greater emphasis on commercial large group business in Vermont. Moreover, significant improvement in operating results has been recorded through mid-2015 and is projected to continue into 2016. 

The outlook revision to stable for MVP Health Service Corp reflects its change in strategic direction, resulting in favorable growth in premium and recent improvement in operating results that is projected to continue into 2016. A.M. Best will continue its discussions with the management team about its revised strategy for this entity, while assessing the capitalization, premium leverage and future direction within the group. A.M. Best anticipates that the parent organization will continue to implicitly and explicitly support the entity to fund its future growth initiatives. 

The rating affirmations of MVP Health Plan, Inc. and its affiliate reflect the companies’ strong brand recognition in New York and well-established network with geographic outreach activities throughout the state, which enhances each entity’s stand-alone assessment as well as the group’s ongoing consolidation of operations and overall sound capitalization. The group gained a larger increase in individual membership due to some carriers not originally being as active in the exchange marketplace. A.M. Best notes that while the group has reported consistent net income over the past three years, it has recorded underwriting losses over the past two years. Management has implemented strategic initiatives to return the group to profitable trends, and through mid-2015, the consolidated operating results have been very favorable. Due to these initiatives, A.M. Best expects the organization to return to its historical level of profitability and maintain a steady growth across its various business lines. The sound but declining level of risk-adjusted capital levels is primarily the result of previous cumulative retained earnings. 

A.M. Best believes that the organization has been pressured by the competitive nature of the commercial market, which is driving significant margin compression on existing and new business. Additionally, the continued shift toward government-sponsored lines of business has been challenging. Moreover, the organization faces continued challenges in the operating performance of its Medicare Advantage business line, which is government-funded and heavily impacted by reimbursement cuts. 

Of note is the considerable contribution of the Medicaid product line to the organization’s consolidated operating performance, driven by strong results produced through its acquisition of the Hudson Health Plan (HHP). In August 2013, MVP Health Plan, Inc. acquired HHP, a Tarrytown, NY-based Medicaid managed care organization. As this entity continues to be integrated into MVP Health Plan, Inc., A.M. Best will continue to assess the ultimate impact of the HHP acquisition on the organization and its overall operations, strategic plans, earnings and capitalization. 

The withdrawal of the ratings on MVP Health Insurance Company of New Hampshire, Inc. reflects management’s decision to exit the New Hampshire market and place its relatively small remaining policies into run-off. The run-off and completion of the withdrawal from New Hampshire is expected to be completed by early 2016. 

A.M. Best believes that positive rating movement is unlikely in the near to medium term. Key rating drivers that could lead to a negative rating action include further deterioration in operating performance in any of its core lines of business, a substantial decline in the consolidated risk-adjusted capitalization or any reimbursement issues surrounding its government-sponsored products. 

This press release relates to rating(s) that have been published on A.M. Best's website. For all rating information relating to the release and pertinent disclosures, including details of the office responsible for issuing each of the individual ratings referenced in this release, please visit A.M. Best’s Ratings & Criteria Center. 

A.M. Best Company is the world's oldest and most authoritative insurance rating and information source. For more information, visit www.ambest.com. 

Copyright © 2015 by A.M. Best Company, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150916005930/en/ Contact:A.M. Best Company

Jennifer Afriyie

Financial Analyst

(908) 439-2200, ext. 5203

jennifer.afriyie@ambest.com

or

Joseph Zazzera, MBA

Assistant Vice President

(908) 439-2200, ext. 5797

joseph.zazzera@ambest.com

or

Christopher Sharkey

Manager, Public Relations

(908) 439-2200, ext. 5159

christopher.sharkey@ambest.com

or

Jim Peavy

Assistant Vice President, Public Relations

(908) 439-2200, ext. 5644

james.peavy@ambest.com

Mad Catz Ships the R.A.T. PROX Gaming Mouse Sep 21, 2015 Bob Buskirk All News, Gaming News, Hardware News, Press Releases 0 Mad Catz Interactive, Inc. (“Mad Catz”) announced today the shipping of the R.A.T. PROX, the next generation of adjustable PC gaming mice compatible with Windows 10. Designed to be the world’s most advanced gaming mouse, the R.A.T. PROX durable magnesium alloy chassis anchors a high performance gaming mouse that combines groundbreaking features, patent-pending technology and a level of customization never before seen. Conceived as a wholly unique and future-proof gaming mouse, gamers can upgrade and customize key components of their R.A.T. PROX, thanks to the Modular Sensor Units (MSU). Offering a choice of optical and laser sensors, each with built-in memory profiles, the R.A.T. PROX allows gamers to hot-swap the Modular Senor Units to suit their individual style of play or when new sensor technologies become available. In addition, the R.A.T. PROX innovative Scroll Wheel system allows gamers to adjust the click force of the wheel, swap out the wheel itself and even utilize a new analogue strafe feature, giving gamers analog control over the horizontal movement on the scroll wheel for the first time. “Since launching our flagship R.A.T. range some five years ago, we have been working hard on what comes next and today we’re excited to announce the official debut of the game changing R.A.T. PROX. Designed for passionate PC Gamers, who demand high performance and a level of customization that suits their individual style of play, the R.A.T. PROX represents the next generation of gaming mice.” said Darren Richardson, President and Chief Executive Officer of Mad Catz. “PC gaming continues to represent a sizable segment of our business, and one which we feel is poised to grow further. We believe the introduction of the R.A.T. PROX, will connect with core gamers around the world, enabling us to expand our market share and appeal to an ever widening audience.” For additional information or to order your R.A.T. PROX please visit the product page. Gaming, Gaming mouse, Mad Catz, Mouse, R.A.T. PROX

NEW YORK, Sept. 1, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Law Offices of Vincent Wong announce that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the USDC for the Central District of California on behalf of investors who purchased Investment Technology Group, Inc. ( NYSE:ITG ) securities between February 28, 2011 and July 29, 2015. 

Click here to learn about the case: http://docs.wongesq.com/ITG-Info-Request-Form-875 . There is no cost or obligation to you. 
   
The complaint alleges that throughout the Class Period defendants issued materially false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (a) the Company's AlterNet Securities, Inc. subsidiary operated a proprietary trading operation in 2010 through mid-2011 inside of Investment Technology's POSIT dark pool, a private stock trading platform, against some of its broker clients; (b) the proprietary trading operation used information from customer stock orders within Investment Technology's dark pool, as well as information from clients that used the firm's algorithms to execute trades on other trading platforms, which should not have been available; and (c) as a result, the Company's public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times. 

If you suffered a loss in Investment Technology you have until October 5, 2015 to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to share in any recovery doesn't require that you serve as a lead plaintiff. To obtain additional information, contact Vincent Wong, Esq. either via email vw@wongesq.com , by telephone at 212.425.1140, or visit http://docs.wongesq.com/ITG-Info-Request-Form-875 . 

Vincent Wong, Esq. is an experienced attorney that has represented investors in securities litigations involving financial fraud and violations of shareholder rights. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes. 
CONTACT: Vincent Wong, Esq.
         39 East Broadway
         Suite 304
         New York, NY 10002
         Tel. 212.425.1140
         Fax. 866.699.3880
         E-Mail: vw@wongesq.com

SYS-CON Events announced today that Alert Logic, the leading provider  of Security-as-a-Service solutions for the cloud, has been named  "Bronze Sponsor" of SYS-CON's 17th International Cloud Expo ® and DevOps Summit 2015 Silicon Valley, which will take place November 3-5, 2015, at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara, CA. 
 
Alert Logic provides Security-as-a-Service for on-premises, cloud,  and hybrid IT infrastructures, delivering deep security insight and  continuous protection for customers at a lower cost than traditional  security solutions. 
 
Fully managed by a team of security and compliance experts, the Alert  Logic Security-as-a-Service solution provides network, system and web  application protection immediately, wherever an organization's IT  infrastructure resides. Alert Logic partners with all major cloud  platforms and hosting providers to protect over 3,000 organizations  worldwide. Built for cloud scale, Alert Logic's patented platform stores  petabytes of data, analyzes over 450 million events and identifies over  60,000 security incidents each month, which are managed by a 24×7  Security Operations Center. 
 
Alert Logic, founded in 2002, is headquartered in Houston, Texas, with offices in Seattle, Dallas, Cardiff, Belfast and London. 
 
For more information, please visit www.alertlogic.com . 
 
Proactive vs. Reactive - A Better Approach to Cloud Security — November 3, 11:00 - 11:35 am 
By Stephen Coty 
 
Organizations from small to large are increasingly adopting cloud  solutions to deliver essential business services at a much lower cost.  According to cyber security experts, the frequency and severity of  cyber-attacks are on the rise, causing alarm to businesses and customers  across a variety of industries. To defend against exploits like these, a  company must adopt a comprehensive security defense strategy that is  designed for their business. In 2015, organizations such as United  Airlines, Sony Corp, Anthem and the Office of Personnel Management  experienced data breaches through malware and other targeted attacks.  How will your business adapt to this shift in technology while keeping  its security posture? 
 
In his session at 17th Cloud Expo ,  Stephen Coty, Chief Security Evangelist at Alert Logic, will take you  into the evolving world of cybercrime and give you an insider's look  into the tactics utilized by fast, well-funded and organized attackers.  He will review real examples and case studies of recent breaches, and  you will learn expert strategies for protecting your information in the  cloud. 
 
Discussion includes: 
 An expert profile of today's evolved hackers and threat landscape.  What attackers are really after, why, and how they're getting what they want.  Strategies you can implement in the cloud to protect against attacks.  
Speaker Bio 
Stephen Coty is the Chief Security Evangelist  at Alert Logic in Houston TX. He formerly ran the Threat Research team,  building threat content and delivering threat intelligence to our  partners and customers. 
 
'Security Built for the Cloud' Demo —  November 4, 3:40 - 4:15 pm 
By Steve Coty and Paul Fletcher 
 
In their Live Hack" presentation at 17th Cloud Expo ,  Stephen Coty and Paul Fletcher, Chief Security Evangelists at Alert  Logic, will provide the audience with a chance to see a live  demonstration of the common tools cyber attackers use to attack cloud  and traditional IT systems. 
 
This "Live Hack" uses open source attack tools that are free and  available for download by anybody. Attendees will learn where to find  and how to operate these tools for the purpose of testing their own IT  infrastructure. They will also witness a cyber-attack from both sides -  attacker and defender. Get an inside view how indicators of compromise  are researched to develop security content to be deployed for detection  based on these attacks. 
 
Speaker Bios 
Stephen Coty is the Chief Security Evangelist  at Alert Logic in Houston TX. He formally ran the Threat Research team  building threat content and delivering threat intelligence to our  partners and customers. 
 
Paul Fletcher, Chief Security Evangelist  at Alert Logic,     has over 20 years of experience in information  technology and security. 
 
Register FREE Before Friday! ▸ Here 
Your registration includes: 
 
▸ DevOps sessions 
▸ Containers sessions 
▸ Microservices sessions 
 

 
The @DevOpsSummit at Cloud Expo - to be held November 3-5, 2015, at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara, California - will expand the DevOps community, enable a wide sharing of knowledge, and educate delegates and technology providers alike. Recent research has shown that DevOps dramatically reduces development time, the amount of enterprise IT professionals put out fires, and support time generally. Time spent on infrastructure development is significantly increased, and DevOps practitioners report more software releases and higher quality. 
 
DevOps Summit 2015 Silicon Valley 
(November 3-5, 2015, Santa Clara Convention Center, CA) 
 
DevOps Summit 2016 New York 
(June 7-9, 2016, Javits Center, Manhattan) 
 

Photo: @DevOpsSummit Silicon Valley, November 2014 
 
Speaking Proposals Open 
The 5th International @DevOpsSummit , co-located with 17th International Cloud Expo - being held November 3-5, 2015, at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara, CA - announces that its Call for Papers is open. Born out of proven success in agile development, cloud computing, and process automation, DevOps is a macro trend you cannot afford to miss. 
Submit your speaking proposal today! ▸ Here 
 
Sponsorship Opportunities Open 
@DevOpsSummit ,  taking place Nov 3-5, 2015, at the Santa Clara Convention Center in  Santa Clara, CA, is co-located with 17th Cloud Expo and will feature  technical sessions from a rock star conference faculty and the leading  industry players in the world. 
Sponsor @DevOpsSummit ▸ Here 
Download Show Prospectus ▸ Here 
 
DevOps Summit Power Panel | Balancing the Three Pillars of DevOps 
 
[embedded content]  
 
In this @DevOpsSummit Power Panel - moderated by Andi Mann (founder of @Sageable ) - Shannon Williams, co-founder of Rancher Labs ; Haseeb Budhani, co-founder and CEO of Soha ; and Dalibor Siroky, Director and co-founder at Plutora ; discussed how to balance these three pillars of DevOps, where to focus attention (and resources), where organizations might slip up with the wrong focus, how to manage change and risk in all three areas, what is possible and what is not, where to start, and especially how new structures, processes, and technologies can help drive a new DevOps culture. 
 
Microservices & IoT Power Panel at @DevOpsSummit 
Buzzword Alert: Microservices and IoT at a DevOps conference? What could possibly go wrong? 
 
[embedded content] 
 
In this Power Panel at @DevOpsSummit, moderated by Jason Bloomberg, president of Intellyx , panelists Roberto Medrano, Executive Vice President at Akana ; Lori MacVittie, Evangelist for F5 Networks ; and Troy Topnik, ActiveState 's Technical Product Manager; and Otis Gospodnetić, founder of Sematext ; peeled away the buzz and discuss the important architectural principles behind implementing IoT solutions for the enterprise. As remote IoT devices and sensors become increasingly intelligent, they become part of our distributed cloud environment, and we must architect and code accordingly. At the very least, you'll have no problem filling in your buzzword bingo cards. 

SYS-CON.tv Interviews By Conference Chair Roger Strukhoff 
Otis Gospodnetic of Sematext ▸ Video 
Dalibor Siroky of Plutora ▸ Video 
Charles Kendrick of Isomorphic Software ▸ Video 
Jeremy Steinert of WSM International ▸ Video 
 
Containers & Microservices Expo To Be Colocated with @DevOpsSummit Silicon Valley, November 3-5, 2015 at the Santa Clara Convention Center, CA 
SYS-CON Events announced on June 9, 2015 at the Javits Center that the 2nd "Containers & Microservices Conference" will take place November 3-5, 2015, at the Santa Clara Convention Center, Santa Clara, CA, and the "Third Containers & Microservices Conference" will take place June 7-9, 2016, at Javits Center in New York City. 
 
Containers and microservices have become topics of intense interest throughout the cloud developer and enterprise IT communities. 
 
Microservices focuses on the business and technology of the software architecture design pattern, in which complex applications are composed of small, independent processes communicating with each other using language-agnostic APIs. 
 
Containers are not being considered for the first time by the cloud community, but a current era of re-consideration has pushed them to the top of the cloud agenda. 
 
Rather than just stuff an OS into a container, for example, developers and deployers should consider a spectrum of microservices and what they can do. 
 
New York and Silicon Valley Sponsors and Exhibitors 
During our last New York and Silicon Valley events, over 12,000 (audited) delegates registered and participated in the world's largest DevOps , Containers , and Microservices show, colocated with Cloud Expo . Our conference delegates met with over 150 of the world's leading technology pioneers that were among the sponsors and exhibitors, including: 
 

SYS-CON Media CEO Carmen Gonzalez (@GonzalezCarmen) at the Javits Center, Manhattan the day before @DevOpsSummit New York 2015 opens 
 
Acision, Actifio, ActiveState, AgilePoint, AIC , Akana, AlertLogic, Ambernet, Amplidata, Apacer Memory America Inc., Appcore, AppDynamics, AppZero, Aria Systems, Arista Networks, Automic, Avere Systems, Axis Communications, B2CLOUD, Basic6, Bestwebdesignagencies.com, Bitium, Blue Box , BMC, BroadSoft, Brother , Bsquare, BUMI, CA, Inc., Calm.io, CenturyLink, Ciqada, CiRBA, Cisco, Cloudant, an IBM Company, Cloudian, CoalFire, CodeFutures, COLUMN Technologies, CommVault, connect2.me, Connected Data, CrashPlan/Code42, Creative Business Solutions , Cynny Italia S.r.l, Dasher, dcVAST, DEAC, Dell, DevOps.com, Distrix , DragonGlass, Dyn, Edgecast , ElasticBox, Emcien, Endstream Communications/Open Data Centers, EnterpriseDB, e-SignLive, by Silanis, Esri, Evident.io, FierceDevOps, FireHost, Genband, Gigamon, GoodData, Gridstore, Harbinger Group , IAPP, IBM, IDenticard Access Control, Imperva, 
 

@DevOpsSummit Demo Theater (June 9-11, 2015, Javits Center) on the Expo Floor attracts more delegates than the entire conference of other events 
 
IndependenceIT, Infor, InMage, Innodisk, Intelligent Systems, Isomorhpic , ITinvolve, iwNetworks, Ixia, iXsystems , Jelastic, Kintone, KOTRA , Liaison, Litmus Automation, MangoApps, Matrix.org, MediaTek Labs, MetraTech (now part of Ericsson), Microsoft, Navisite, Net Access , Nimble Storage, NuoDB, Inc., Objectivity, OMG, Open Data Centers, OpenCrowd, Optimal Design, Oracle, OutSystems, Parasoft, Peak10, Peer 1 Hosting, PluralSight, Plutora, ProfitBricks, PubNub, Quality Technology Services , Quantum, Qubell, RackWare , Rancher Labs, Red Hat, r-evolutionapp , RingStor, Robomq.io, SafeLogic, SAP, ScaleMP, Seagate, Secure Infrastructure & Services, Sematext , SendGrid , Serena Software, Sherweb, SimpleECM, Site 24x7, Smartvue Corporation, SOASTA, SoftLayer, an IBM Company, SoftwareAG, Soha, Solgenia, SPAN Systems, Spirent, StackIQ, Stateless Networks, Storpool, Stratogent, Stratoscale, Supermicro, SUSE, Tau Institute, Telecity, Telehouse, Telestax, The New York Times , The Vision Times, TierPoint, TMCnet, Transparent Cloud Computing Consortium, Tufin, Ulunsoft, Utimaco, VASCO Data Security, Veeam, Verizon Enterprise Solutions, Vicom Computer Services, VictorOps, Virtustream, VITRIA Technology, Vormetric, WHOA.com, Will Jaya, Windstream, WSM - Website Movers International, Zentera Systems, Zerto. 
 

 

@DevOpsSummit New York (June 9-11, 2015) and Silicon Valley (November 3-5, 2015) "Bronze Sponsor" AlertLogic Booth at the Javits Center 
 
About SYS-CON Media & Events 
SYS-CON Media ( www.sys-con.com )  has since 1994 been connecting technology companies and customers  through a comprehensive content stream - featuring over forty focused  subject areas, from Cloud Computing to Web Security - interwoven with  market-leading full-scale conferences produced by SYS-CON Events. The  company's internationally recognized brands include among others Cloud Expo ® ( @CloudExpo ), Big Data Expo ®  ( @BigDataExpo ), DevOps Summit ( @DevOpsSummit ), @ThingsExpo ® ( @ThingsExpo ), Containers Expo ( @ContainersExpo ) and Microservices Expo ( @MicroservicesE ). 
 
Cloud Expo ® , Big Data Expo ® and @ThingsExpo ® are registered trademarks of Cloud Expo, Inc., a SYS-CON Events company. 
 

@DevOpsSummit New York (June 9-11, 2015) and Silicon Valley (November 3-5, 2015) "Bronze Sponsor" Actifio Booth at the Javits Center

This story first appeared in the Sept. 25 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe . 
 
All of the roughly 19,000  members of the TV Academy belong to one of 29 "peer groups" (i.e., actors, writers, etc.) and are entitled to vote for the nominees — and, as of this year, also the win­ners — in the categories that pertain to their specific area of expertise; for series categories, all members vote. THR 's awards analyst Scott Feinberg spoke with one producer who has won an Emmy himself but who has no ties to this year's nominees to learn how he voted — and why. 
 
OUTSTANDING DRAMA SERIES 
 
I would have dumped Homeland , House of Cards and Downton Abbey and put in Bloodline , which was incredibly well done; The Good Wife , which made a really strong comeback this year and would have been nominated if it was on cable or a streaming service; and — don't laugh — Daredevil , a comic book show done ridiculously well that features the most watchable actor on television, Vincent D'Onofrio — in $5,000 suits! Downton Abbey , I confess, is not a show I watch; I've sampled it but I cannot get through it — I'd rather have hemorrhoid surgery. I wrote "WTF?" next to Homeland 's nomination; its first two seasons were as good as anything on television, but as soon as they — spoiler alert — hanged [ Damian Lewis during season three], it stopped being watchable and sort of became the drama version of the Tim Robbins show [ The Brink ]. I'm glad Orange Is the New Black , which has incredibly fresh performances and direction, was moved to the drama category; shows written in a room by comedy writers should compete against each other, but Orange isn't written that way and isn't that kind of a show. 

 
Kudos to Netflix for giving really creative people free range, which is how the best work gets made — although it also can go terribly wrong, as in the case of House of Cards . I binge-watched the first season in two days and was a huge fan; then it had a weak second season; and then it totally jumped the shark this season — I was literally looking around for Henry Winkler , a small pool, a shark and a motorcycle. They just lost their way with a Sam and Diane moment: [ Kevin Spacey 's Frank Underwood] wants to be president in the worst way — and they made him president! Don't. Do. That. (It did have one good episode, the season finale, thanks to Michael Kelly , who was the only reason I kept watching.) I did not expect Better Call Saul to get nominated, but it absolutely deserves to be in there. Mad Men will probably win for its last season, which was very good — I liked that they didn't wrap everything up in a bow but also didn't just cut to black like The Sopranos . But Game of Thrones is the most important show on television. The scale of it and the amount of talk it generates is unparalleled; nobody wants to get to Monday without having seen what happened on Sunday, and that takes me back to the way TV was when I was growing up. 
 
MY VOTE Game of Thrones (HBO) 
 

 
OUTSTANDING COMEDY SERIES 
 
I'm delighted Parks and Rec was nominated — there's an unfortunate prejudice against broadcast network shows, but Amy Poehler 's work was outstanding and the cast is extraordinary. Silicon Valley and Transparent should have been nominated — [ Silicon 's] T.J. Miller plays one of the funniest characters on television and [ Transparent 's] Judith Light is one of the most underappreciated actresses out there. Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is terrific, but I was surprised it made it. I adore Modern Family and would have voted for it for the first three seasons, but it's now being nominated on its reputation — it did not have a very good season. Veep is a nice comedy — Julia Louis-Dreyfus is amazing — but I don't think the show is Emmy-worthy. (I would've taken out Modern Family and Veep and replaced them with Black-ish and Jane the Virgin .) But the bottom line is, there's Louie and then there's everything else. I don't understand how it hasn't already won. It's so groundbreaking and original; we'll look back on it as one of the great comedy series of all time. 
 
MY VOTE Louie (FX) 
 

 
'Louie' 
 
OUTSTANDING LIMITED SERIES 
 
First of all, it's nice to see a limited series category, but they still need to figure out what it means — it's like the three-card monte game of the Emmys. It should be easy to distinguish a limited series from a series: If you have a giant staff of writers and you're putting out a show with a different director every week, and you have actors who have contracts with options for multiple seasons, you're a series, and you shouldn't be able to compete as a limited series; if one or two guys are doing six or eight or 10 hours, you're a limited series. American Horror Story , which is not really my thing, is an out-and-out series — it's had a continuous writing staff, supervising director and EP. The same actors appear in every season and know, when they wrap one, that they're coming back for another — maybe as a different character in a different story, but so what? The same was true for The Twilight Zone , which was a drama series. Putting a colon in the title and changing the subtitle every year does not make you a limited series — and gives you the same sort of unfair advantage that putting " Hallmark Hall of Fame: " at the front of titles used to, which is frustrating for people who actually make limited series. 
 
American Crime is coming back, so it should be a drama series, but I liked it very much. I would never have nominated Wolf Hall or The Honorable Woman — they were like watching paint dry. HBO shows get nominated because they're on HBO, which spends an enormous amount of money telling America: "We're not TV. We're HBO." And it has worked — people internalize that and then vote for something in a category like this solely because it aired on HBO. There is no way Olive Kitteridge , with its pedantic pacing and obtuse storytelling, would have gotten the number of nominations it did — or would win, which it's going to — if it was on any other network. I'm going with American Crime , mainly because I can't vote for The Missing , which was the best thing on television this year. The fact that it wasn't nominated illustrates why it was a mistake to get rid of the blue-ribbon panels, which I used to serve on, for the nominations phase of voting. I didn't even know The Missing existed until someone told me to watch the screener, and thankfully Starz sent screeners of the whole thing, unlike some networks that send episodes one and seven or whatever ran­dom selections. 

 
MY VOTE  American Crime (ABC) 
 

 
'American Crime' 
 
OUTSTANDING TV MOVIE 
 
There are a lot of really hard-working TV movie producers out there and the mission of the Television Academy is to celebrate people like them who work in television every day — come to work, put on their headset and do everything they can to make movies in probably the most difficult genre left in our business. I think about the number of places that made TV movies 10 years ago and the number of places that make them now, and I take my hat off to the people who are still doing it. So what do they do? They nominate two feature films [ Grace of Monaco and Nightingale ] that just couldn't get theatrical releases and give them two slots that could have gone to people who actually make TV. Furthermore, are we really still so in love with the Brits that we're nominating stuff like Agatha Christie's Poirot: Curtain, Poirot's Last Case ? Prime Suspect is one thing, but are you kidding me — Poirot for the 400th time? I watched 15 minutes of it and fell asleep. Peter Ustinov put that to bed. I didn't care for Hello Ladies or Killing Jesus — I wish they had nominated Whitney , which had a stunning main performance. That leaves Bessie , which is absolutely a deserving winner. 
 
MY VOTE Bessie (HBO) 
 

 
'Bessie' 
 
OUTSTANDING VARIETY SKETCH SERIES 
 
I think SNL had a really off year — they're obviously the institution, but they're slacking. I love [ Inside Amy Schumer 's ] Amy Schumer  — she goes right out to the edge of the diving board every episode and never falls off, and her 12 Angry Men parody was the best episode of any of these shows. Portlandia and Drunk History are hit or miss. I voted for Key & Peele because it's the funniest show on television and I am so crushed they are going off the air — they are completely original, completely without parameters and will go after anyone in an unbelievably clever way. 
 
MY VOTE Key & Peele (Comedy Central) 

 
OUTSTANDING VARIETY TALK SERIES 
 
I can't quarrel with any of these nominees. [ Jimmy ] Kimmel and [ Jimmy ] Fallon are really good and reshaping the format — and I don't know why anyone would ever host an Emmys or an Oscars with some­one other than one of them. With [ Stephen ] Colbert , [ Jon ] Stewart and [ David ] Letterman all saying goodbye this year, this is sort of the farewell-tour category. I'm a dedicated Stewart fan — he changed the game and will always be the gold standard — but I think he was sort of mailing it in this year, as Letterman has been doing for several years. (I would have been happy to replace Letterman and Colbert with Conan [ O'Brien of Conan ] and [ Real Time 's Bill ] Maher .) But in my opinion, the best show, week to week, was John Oliver 's. Granted, he has a whole week to prep his show, while the others have to do four or five a week — but I imagine all those other guys also work with much bigger writ­ing staffs, which sort of evens the playing field. 
 
MY VOTE  Last Week Tonight With John Oliver (HBO) 
 

 
OUTSTANDING REALITY COMPETITION PROGRAM 
 
Boring. These are the same nominees every year and I wouldn't choose to watch any of them — I have never seen So You Think You Can Dance or Project Runway , but I have watched Amazing Race , Dancing With the Stars and The Voice because they have been on in my house. I called up my family and asked them what I should vote for and they told me The Voice , which I found acceptable because I do think [creator] Mark Burnett is the Ed Sullivan of our day. But at the end of the day, does anyone besides the people who make these shows really care? The Amazing Race has won 10 out of the 12 years: They're like the Celtics in the '60s — I don't know why anybody else bothers to suit up. 
 
MY VOTE The Voice (NBC) 
 

 
OUTSTANDING STRUCTURED REALITY PROGRAM 
 
I have seen every one of the nom­inated shows except Property Brothers . I'm a fan of MythBusters , but it's been on a long time and they've sort of run out of myths. There have been episodes of Undercover Boss that I've liked, but each one really depends on whether or not they've found a great boss. Nothing comes close to Shark Tank . I'm a huge Mark Burnett fan, and this one is so well done that its title has now become part of the lexicon. And any time I can see Mark Cuban berating other billionaires, how would I not be into that? 
 
MY VOTE Shark Tank (ABC) 
 
OUTSTANDING UNSTRUCTURED REALITY PROGRAM 
 
I don't watch any of these reg­ularly. I saw two episodes of Wahlburgers on an international flight when there was nothing else left to watch on my little TV. And I've seen a few episodes of Intervention and I respect what they do for people battling addiction. 
 
MY VOTE  Intervention (A&E)

READY TO GO: Dorking's Richie Andrews 
     Comments (0)   
RICHIE ANDREWS says Dorking are looking in good shape as they prepare for their second season in National League Two South. 

The Red & Whites host Cambridge in their opening game of the season on Saturday as they look to build on a fourth-place finish in an impressive debut campaign at step four. 

It could have been even better, with Dorking falling out of play-off contention in the latter stages of last season, with three defeats costing them dearly in the winter months. 

But while Dorking's director of rugby (pictured) says it would be good to push for promotion again this time around, he says he is realistic about the competition from other ambitious clubs at the level. 
 
"We are looking forward to it and it would be nice to go better than last year, but we know it will be tough," he said. 

"We are an amateur team among a division of semi-professional sides at a very good level and we did a good job last season in getting to where we did. 

"It would be disappointing to do worse than last season, but there are several teams like Worthing [Raiders], Old Albanians, Chinnor and Cambridge who are really hoping to be in with a shout at the end of the year." 

Dorking welcome one of the much-fancied sides to the Big Field this weekend, with Andrews expecting a much different Cambridge side to the one they faced in the division last season. 

"Cambridge will be a tough test," he said. "They have been quite vocal about the calibre of players they are recruiting and I am expecting a lot tougher test than last year. 

"It is nice to be starting at home and we are looking forward to getting started." 

And Andrews is happy with how his squad is shaping up for the new campaign, despite picking up a few knocks in pre-season. 

Dorking have welcomed Benji Marfo, Mofe Wilkey, Harry Elbrow and Matt Betty into the squad over the summer, while Zach Woodcock and Stuart Watkins are set to make the step up to the senior squad this season. 

And although senior duo Will Crow and Ross Grimstone have departed for pastures new, Andrews is hoping a reasonably settled squad can work to their advantage. 

"Our new players are looking good and have settled in well," he said. 

"They are looking comfortable with how we play and the structures in place. 

"We are also still producing homegrown talent and we have options for selection this week, and it is about getting the right combinations. 

"Yes, there are other teams who have gone out and recruited big numbers and experienced players, but I genuinely believe that it will help us in the first few weeks to have a settled squad that knows each other and how they play. 

"We will do our best to go out there and win every Saturday, but there is no pressure on us to get promoted."

It's been roughly a week since Texans starting inside linebacker Mike Mohamed suffered a calf injury, and he's still experiencing soreness as he works his way…  
When the Texans got on the scoreboard Sunday with a DeAndre Hopkins touchdown catch, veteran kicker Randy Bullock lined up for his first extra-point attempt of the season and promptly missed it wide right. 

It was the first missed extra point of Bullock’s career after making his previous 66 extra points in his first two NFL seasons. 

This is part of what the NFL intended when it passed a new rule in March moving the extra point back to the 15-yard line. The league wanted to make the play more demanding and encourage NFL teams to increase two-point conversion tries. 

“Honestly, I thought I hit it pretty well,” Bullock said Monday. “I hit it pretty well. It just tailed off m…

PROVIDENCE, RI -- (Marketwired) -- 09/17/15 -- Vector Software , the world's leading provider of innovative software solutions for robust embedded software quality, announced today its webinar series to help organizations optimize software test and certification. The need for better quality and compliant software has never been greater. Software engineering management and staff will learn tools and techniques necessary for higher quality software that meets regulatory compliance and increases profitability. 

Event One - Five Ways to Turbocharge Your Software Testing 
Join Vector Software's Sr. Field Application Engineer, Tim Schneider as he discusses ways for faster, better software testing including test automation, change-based testing, testing applications in multiple configurations, massively parallel testing, and analyzing code for problem areas. 
   Wednesday, September 23, 2015 - 11:00 AM and 4:00 PM (EDT) Registration: https://www.vectorcast.com/news/vector-software-webinars/2015/webinar-five-ways-turbocharge-your-software-testing  

Event Two - How to Achieve Stress-Free Certification 
In this webinar with Vector's partner CRITICAL Software, certification expert João Esteves will provide technical guidance on regulatory compliance. This webinar is key for organizations faced with regulatory mandates for Avionics DO-178B/C and DO-278; Automotive ISO 26262 and MISRA; Industrial Controls IEC 61508; Medical Devices FDA and IEC 62304; and Railway CENELEC. Esteves will provide insights into the tools and methods needed to effectively comply with these standards. The webinar will look at defining system, high-level, and low-level requirements; using software modeling; characterizing software "parameters" to avoid certification rework; and establishing an effective, scalable and compliant-friendly software test infrastructure. 
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 - 1:00 PM (EDT) Registration: https://www.vectorcast.com/news/vector-software-webinars/2015/webinar-how-achieve-stress-free-certification  

Event Three  - How to Get Your Team to Speak the Language of Test for Software Quality 
Engineering management will benefit from this webinar where Vector Software's CTO, John Paliotta will provide thought leadership on the importance of software testing early in the software development life cycle and how organizations can implement a software development process that spreads testing responsibilities across the entire organization and life cycle to improve software quality. Paliotta will also outline how quality requires the mastery of DevOps (continuous integration, testing, and release), and while software testing has traditionally been viewed as an "expense," done right, tests become an asset that pays dividends for years while improving customer satisfaction and brand value. 
Thursday, November 12, 2015 - 11:00 AM and 4:00 PM (EST) Registration: https://www.vectorcast.com/news/vector-software-webinars/2015/webinar-how-get-your-team-speak-language-test-software-quality  

About Vector Software, Inc. 
Vector Software is the world's leading provider of software testing solutions for safety and business critical embedded applications. Companies worldwide in the automotive, aerospace, medical devices, industrial controls, rail, and other business critical sectors rely on Vector Software's VectorCAST test solution. The VectorCAST environment enables software development teams to easily automate complex testing tasks to improve software quality, using Test-Driven Development, Continuous Integration, and Change Based Testing processes to engineer reliable software for accelerated time-to-market release cycles. Vector Software is headquartered in East Greenwich, Rhode Island USA with offices worldwide, and a world-class team of support and technology partners. To learn more, visit: www.vectorcast.com . Follow Vector Software on Facebook , Google+ , LinkedIn , Twitter , and YouTube . 

Contact: 
Anna Barcelos 
Vector Software, Inc. 
401.398.7185 
Email Contact 

1351 South County Trail, Suite 310 
East Greenwich, RI 02818 USA 
www.vectorcast.com

Boston-based PureTech has named Michael MacLean its new chief financial officer and executive vice president. MacLean was previously a finance executive at Iron Mountain (NYSE: IRM) and Biogen (NASDAQ: BIIB); at Biogen he also helped structure and ma... 
 Related Biotechnology, Pharmaceutical and Healthcare News   
Original Article: NEXT ARTICLE  More From BioPortfolio on "PureTech, Now Public, Names Ex-Biogen Exec MacLean New CFO"

Great article on anHOA board gone amuck--they wasted sooo much money on fighting a family about a swing set! The insanity of little people with lots of power only grows worse. I am glad the judge saw it this way--the neighbors, suppsedly the ones the board was protecting, threw a BBQ for the family when they won the right to keep the swing set!
Judge rejects HOA's attempt to impose fines and jail time over backyard swingset: "A Missouri family, whose homeowners' association board threatened them with fines and even jailtime over their daughters' backyard swingset, won a legal victory last Friday after a judge ruled that the playset can stay.
Or, if you prefer: on Friday, a judge dealt a devastating legal blow to an embattled Missouri homeowners' association board that was only trying to protect itself from the dire threat posed by a children's backyard swingset.
Legal battle
Jack and Marla Stout live in the Raintree Lake subdivision, located in the Kansas City suburb of Lee's Summit, Missouri. Two years ago they installed a backyard playset for their two young daughters. The girls wanted to paint the playset pink, but they settled for purple. Marla Stout told KMBC-TV on Aug. 10 that she bought and applied a purple-tinted wood stain at Home Depot."
'via Blog this'

Few months after the launch of Youths Digest magazine, I received an invitation as an editor to attend United Nations Youth Assembly (UNYA) in New York organised by Friendship Ambassador Foundation. Realizing that confirmed sponsorship of an event in America doesn't guarantee automatic visa to the United States, I filled the online application form for []Gidado Shuaib: Deciding moment at UN Youth Assembly

VideoImageTaupau should remain a Tiger4:01

NRL: Steve Roach joins Fox Sports News to discuss the NRL Finals and the situation surrounding the possible release of Martin Taupau.

September 17th 20153 hours ago/video/video.news.com.au/Sport/NRL/ Nick CamptonThe Daily TelegraphShareShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Google+Share on RedditEmail a friend

THE votes are in, the surveys have been tallied and the first round of the NRL Premiership Tournament is in the bag.

There were a couple of shock losses, a couple of big wins and a couple of match ups that went right down to the wire.

We’ll kick off the quarterfinals with a quick recap of Round 1 before diving into the new match ups.

• The closest match of the first round was the 2007 Storm and the 2013 Roosters. The Roosters lead for most of the voting period but Melbourne surged back over the weekend to take out the match with a 50.18% share of the vote — or by a margin of just nine votes.

• The 2002 Roosters also went down in their other clash against the 2003 Panthers with Penrith winning another nail biter after getting 50.88% of the vote. In something of a shock result, both Roosters teams have been bounced in the first round.

• Newcastle enjoyed the most lopsided victory in Round 1 when they belted the 1999 Storm after gaining 71.88% of the vote.

• When our Random Match Generator (also known as picking the teams out of a hat) threw up the Manly vs. Manly clash in Round 1 it raised more outcry than a Daly Cherry-Evans backflip, but in the end the people of the Northern Beaches voted with their clicks and sent the 2008 Sea Eagles through to the quarterfinals. They trashed their 2011 counterparts after gaining 70.74% of the vote and given the feedback on Facebook and Twitter they’d be considered one of the favourites to go all the way.

• Brisbane fans came out in force with the 2006 Broncos earning 62.66% of the vote to smack the 2005 Tigers, the 1998 premiers downing the 2014 Rabbitohs after getting 59.44% of the vote and the 2000 Broncos bringing the pain against the 2012 Storm, running away with 62.27% of the vote.

• True to form, the 2004 Bulldogs are flying right under the radar and got past the 2010 Dragons with 55.38% of the vote.

On to the quarterfinals VETERAN: OUT: Pearce succumbs to hamstring injury

2003 Penrith Panthers vs. 2006 Brisbane Broncos 2003 Penrith Panthers Season record: 21-6

Wins by 1-12: 12

Wins by 13+: 9

Average winning margin: 11.76

Wins over top eight teams: 13

Despite surging to the minor premiership and winning an incredible 20 of their last 23 games, the 2003 Panthers were counted as title outsiders right up until grand final day. Their average winning margin of 11.76 is the lowest of any team still in contention but they have the equal highest number of wins over top eight sides.

2006 Brisbane Broncos

Season record: 17-11

Wins by 1-12: Five

Wins by 13+: 12

Average winning margin: 17.47

The 2006 Broncos have the worst overall record of any of the teams remaining and are the only team left who lost more than 10 matches. They also boast the longest losing streak of any team left in the tournament after they dropped five matches on the trot between Round 18 and Round 23. Their average margin of victory is a respectable 17.47, which places them firmly in the middle of the pack, but the 2006 Broncos have the look of a team that was competitive without being dominant in the regular season who managed to hit form at just the right time to surge into the title picture.

1998 Brisbane Broncos vs. 2007 Melbourne Storm 1998 Brisbane Broncos Season record: 21-6-1

Wins by 1-12: Seven

Wins by 13+: 14

Average winning margin: 24.48

Wins over top eight teams: 10

After the first week of the Premiership Tournament it was clear that the 1998 Broncos were overwhelmingly strong title favourites and when we dig into the stats we can see why. They have the third greatest number of 13+ wins among remaining teams and the highest average winning margin. While these numbers are impressive, it’s worth remembering what kind of competition the NRL was in 1998. In the bloated, newly united competition there were 20 teams, which meant that the footballing talent was spread way too thin. This created a serious world of the haves and the have nots, and nobody had more than Brisbane. That’s not to say the 1998 Broncos were flat track bullies, but all stats need to be examined in the proper context.

2007 Melbourne Storm

Season record: 24-3

Wins by 1-12: Nine

Wins by 13+: 15

Average winning margin: 19.21

The decision to include a Melbourne team that was over the salary cap was controversial to say the least, but their clash with the 1998 Broncos promises to be one for the ages. This Storm side have the best record of all remaining teams and the second highest number of 13+ wins. Throw in an equal-highest 13 victories against top eight teams and its easy to see why they’re one of the stronger teams still in contention. Winning 16 of their last 17 and outscoring their finals opposition 100-18 wasn’t too shabby either. MAGIC: SHARKNADO: Cronulla charter fan flight to Townsville 

2008 Manly Sea Eagles vs. 2001 Newcastle Knights 

2008 Sea Eagles

Season record: 20-7

Wins by 1-12: Three

Wins by 13+: 17

Average winning margin: 21.85

Wins over top eight teams: Nine

With the exception of the 1998 Broncos, no team got more love in Round 1 than the 2008 Sea Eagles. While they weren’t able to snag the minor premiership, they did record the highest number of 13+ wins among active teams with an incredible 17. They also have the second highest average margin of victory with 21.85, but notably only beat nine top eight teams all season, the lowest total among teams still in contention. One of the real strings to their bow remains their imperious run through the finals, where they outscored their opposition 110-12 in possibly the most dominant finals series ever.

2001 Newcastle Knights

Season record: 19-9-1

Wins by 1-12: 10

Wins by 13+: Nine

Average winning margin: 19.23

Wins over top eight teams: 10

Statistically, the 2001 Knights were the second best attacking team of all time (trailing only the team the beat in the grand final, the 2001 Parramatta Eels) but their pointscoring aptitude isn’t really reflected in the stats. Their average winning margin of 19.23 is good without being great and their 10 wins over top eight teams is of similar standard. This team definitely had an attitude that the best form of defence was more offence, while their 19-9-1 record is the second worst of any of the teams still in contention.

2000 Brisbane Broncos vs. 2004 Canterbury Bulldogs 2000 Brisbane Broncos Season record: 21-6-2

Wins by 1-12: Nine

Wins by 13+: 12

Average winning margin: 19.05

Wins over top eight teams: 11

The 14-team competition that came about in 2000 meant that talent was more highly concentrated and, on the whole, teams had much more depth than they had in the chaotic Super League years. As a result, the 2000 Broncos average winning margin of 19.05 and 11 wins over top eight teams, which are both good enough for fourth among remaining teams, are ever more impressive. Minor premiers by six points, they might not have the prestige of their 1998 counterparts but they might fly under the radar and run all the way to the title.

2004 Canterbury Bulldogs

Season record: 22-6

1-12 wins: Nine

13+ wins: 13

Average winning margin: 18.14

Wins over top eight teams: 12

With the second highest number of wins over top eight teams and the fourth most wins by over 13 points, the 2004 Bulldogs are arguably the most underrated team still in the tournament. While they finished second after losing the minor premiership to the Roosters on for and against, their 22 wins is the second highest among the remaining teams.

Dad texted a stranger by accident about painting daughter's room blue Anonymous correspondent gave him advice on interior design  Father finally decided between turquoise and periwinkle for three-year-old Their exchange has been viewed 500,000 times on Imgur   
Deciding a colour for a child's bedroom can be a challenge for many parents as they bicker over whether yellow is gender neutral, or if they should stick to traditional pink or blue. 

But one father, from the US, was in luck when a complete stranger offered him interior decorating advice after texted the wrong number by accident. 

And realising he had messaged someone with great taste, this dad, who hasn't been identified, continued to press for more advice about the best shade for his three-year-old's room.   
  
A father sent a frustrated message to what he thought to be his friends number explaining that the mother of his child wouldn't allow him to paint their daughter's room blue and a stranger picked up the text 

The exchange began after the angry dad expressed irritation that he was being told he couldn't paint his little girls' room in the hue he wanted.    

Hell bent on painting his little girl's room blue, he texted a friend to vent his frustration after his daughter's mother said his favoured colour wasn't right for a girl's room. 
 
The thread of texts has since been shared on Imgur by an unknown user.  

In initial message he writes to a companion: 'D tryna tell me I can't paint Tamiya's room blue cuz she's a girl. F*** this.' 

The stranger then responds: 'Wrong number but hell yeah. Paint that girl's room blue.' 
  
The recipient was happy to offer advice on decorating and encouraged the dad to paint the room blue 

After apologising to the recipient the dad then takes the opportunity to ask the benevolent stranger for some interior decorating tips. 'Hey can I ask a real quick? You think turquoise or that periwinkle for a 3yr old?' 

They respond: 'I think more a toned down turquoise. Not too loud, because bedrooms are supposed to be chill, you know?' 

The father then goes as far to send the receiver a colour swatch asking their opinion on the shade of blue.  

They remark: 'That's pretty. It could be a little dark though, depending on the size of room and furniture.' 

To which he responds: 'Room's okay size. There's a big window on one wall and just got her some white furniture. The kind that looks woven together.' 
   
The father seemed extremely grateful for the stranger's interior decorating advice  

This is a red flag to the interiors-minded stranger who asks, 'wicker?' 

The dad replies that it is and it's going to get dusty, but his anonymous correspondent replies, 'Probably but it's cute.'  

The stranger suggests a certain colour way: 'I'd do the colour you picked on the wall across from the window and maybe a lighter colour on the other three walls?' 

The father agrees with the suggestion adding: 'My baby girl's gonna have her blue room and it's gonna look tight as hell.  

'Yo thanks for your help. Sorry for keeping you up.' 

The stranger finishes the conversation: 'No problem! I hope everything goes well. Night!' 

The amusing exchange has since been shared across several social media platforms including Twitter and

North Carolina's environment agency is fighting to block a Duke Energy proposal to scoop out coal ash pits at three extra power plants leaking pollutants like arsenic and lead into waterways.
    
Superior Court Judge Paul Ridgeway heard arguments Monday as the state Department of Environment and Natural Resources said it was against a bid by Duke Energy to go beyond a new state law requiring excavating pits at four plants.
    
Duke Energy wants to scoop ash out from seven plants, and environmental groups are asking the judge to approve the plan.
    
The state agency argues Duke Energy has only so much money and time to clean out the problem sites and the company shouldn't set which get top priority.

A video posted by Kim Zolciak-Biermann (@kimzolciakbiermann) on Sep 28, 2015 at 6:54pm PDT After suffering a mini stroke last week ABC cut Kim Zolciak from Dancing With The Stars last night. Allegedly Zolciak did not know she was going to be cut from the show before her fate was revealed on live TV last night, but she was told to get on her Skype and update fans on her health status ( a blood clot led to her stroke). Kim really wanted to stay on the show, but according to the rules, if a celeb must miss a performance they must withdraw from the competition. She has not been cleared to fly yet, but she was practicing with her partner Tony Dovolani over the weekend. “I think the producers were fighting until the last minute to keep us in the competition,” Dovolani told Us Magazine, adding the lawyers made the final decision. “I want to continue so bad it’s not even funny. That’s why I put a tweet out there saying, ‘Bring us back!’ The producers want us back, I want to be back, Kim wants to be back — so the only people they needed to convince was the lawyers,” he said. Trackback Post Google Ads Trackbacks Leave a Reply Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website get yahoo smilies plugin or delete this text from comments.php

Sign in using your Palm Beach Post profile 

Need a Profile? Register Now. 

{* #userInformationForm *} 

{* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} 

Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *}

New York, Sep 28 (IANS): Prime Minister Narendra Modi met his British counterpart David Cameron here on Monday on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly summit.

"An Englishman in New York. PM @nariandramodi receives PM @David_Cameron of UK," tweeted external affairs ministry spokesperson Vikas Swarup.

Modi returned to New York on Monday on the final leg of his five-day US visit.

He has a packed day of engagements, including a summit meeting with US President Barack Obama, before he heads home.

The prime minister is also scheduled to hold a bilateral meeting with French President Francois Hollande.

He will also attend a summit, organised by Obama, on countries that contribute to UN peacekeeping forces.

Modi spent two days in San Jose, California, on the West Coast, tapping IT giants Google, Facebook and other Silicon Valley honchos for his Digital India and Make in India initiatives after having addressed the annual summit of the UN General Assembly here.

Georgia is set to execute its only woman on death row Tuesday evening. If all goes according to the state’s plan, Kelly Gissendaner will be the first woman the state has executed in 70 years. She was sentenced to death in 1998 for plotting the death of her husband, Douglas Gissendaner, with her boyfriend. 
 
Gissendaner drove her boyfriend, Gregory Owen, to her house, gave him the murder weapons — a nightstick and a hunting knife — and then went to a nightclub with friends, according to court documents. Owen ambushed Douglas and forced him to drive his car to a remote location that Gissendaner chose beforehand. 
 
Once they arrived, Owen beat Douglas and stabbed him. Owen took Douglas’s wedding ring and watch to make it look like a robbery. Gissendaner later arrived at the scene and helped her boyfriend burn her husband’s body and car. Law enforcement was unable to find Douglas’s body for weeks. 
   
Owen accepted a plea deal and testified against Gissendaner. In exchange, he received a life sentence without the possibility of parole. Gissendaner refused to take a plea and lost when she went to trial. 
 
As Gissendaner’s execution date nears, two of her and Douglas’s children are calling for her life to be spared. 
   “We’ve lost our dad. We can’t imagine losing our mom too,” daughter Kayla Gissendaner said.  
 youtube.com 
   
In response, Gwinnett County District Attorney Danny Porter told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution that it was “manipulation.” 
 
“The case began with manipulation by Kelly Gissendaner and it appears it will end with manipulation by Kelly Gissendaner,” he said, adding that Douglas’s parents have wanted the execution to go forward. 
 
On Monday, the Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles announced that it will meet on Tuesday to “receive and consider supplemental information” about the case. Previously, the board had denied clemency. The board has the option to allow the denial of clemency to stay, to grant a stay of up to 90 days, or to grant clemency. The board has the sole authority to grant clemency in Georgia. 
 
This is the third time the state has set an execution date for Gissendaner. The first time, it was called off because of the weather. The second time, it was called off after the execution drugs were found to have particles floating in them. 
           
View this image › 
  
Georgia’s pentobarbital on the date it was scheduled to be used.  Georgia Department of Corrections 
   
Georgia, like some other death penalty states, obtains its execution drugs from a compounding pharmacy that mixes the drug up in secret. 
 
The state concluded that the likeliest cause was that the drugs were stored at too cold of a temperature, although its expert floated the possibility that there was a problem with how it was mixed, and the state attempted to withhold test results that disagreed with its narrative. 
 
Gissendaner’s attorneys argued that the hours she waited not knowing if the “cloudy” drugs would be used on her amounted to cruel and unusual punishment, and that it showed the state was likely to use questionable drugs on her in the future. 
 
But U.S. District Judge Thomas Thrash disagreed, finding that the state “did not intentionally subject [her] to uncertainty for the sake of inflicting more pain upon her.” 
 
“It is not enough to show that the State may obtain defective lethal injection drugs,” the judge wrote when he dismissed the case in August. Gissendaner “must show that there is a substantial risk that the defective drugs will be used on” her in the future. 
 
He added that “if anything, the March 2 incident shows that the state is unlikely to use defective drugs on” her. 
 
Gissendaner asked him to reconsider his ruling, which the judge declined to do. On Monday, Gissendaner notified the court that she was appealing the decision to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals. 
 
Georgia intends to use compounded drugs again, but this time plans on storing the drugs in a new refrigeration unit to regulate its temperature. 
 
Gissendaner also has a petition at the Supreme Court seeking a stay of execution based on her claim that prison officials violated her rights by having “thwarted” the clemency process. 
 
Claiming that officials “actively frustrated the [clemency] procedures established by Georgia law,” Gissendaner’s lawyers write that such actions violated her constitutional due process rights. 
   
Check out more articles on BuzzFeed.com!

RSS News Feeds 
 
Stream live news headlines to your website, blog or applications. Get RSS feeds on a variety of news topics maintained by our editors or create your custom newsfeeds on any topic. You'll get a truly customized output. 
    
Email News Alerts 
 
Datamine from our index of 250 million articles – updated in real time – and have headlines emailed to you. An affordable clipping service with advanced easy-to-use tools to customize your topics. 
    
Press Releases 
 
Do you have news to share? Plug your news into the daily news cycle with EIN Presswire. Your news IS news. Our users are monitoring specific topics – they can't go to thousands of websites – so they rely on EIN Newsdesk to sort and filter news which matches their specific interests. Match it up to those who care. 
    
Events & Conferences 
 
EIN Newsdesk is a “Go-To” destination for journalists and other professionals world-wide who are deeply involved in very specific topics. Our vertical niche publications reach industry leaders and decision makers who meet at conferences. Upload your event today.

World News: 12:55 GMT Thursday 24th September 2015 . [ Powa Technologies via Businesswire via SPi World News ] 
    This story   
Powa Technologies today unveils its partnership with Canada’s leading       independent Canadian payment processor, CT-Payment. At CT Payment’s       2015-2016 ISO Event this week, the PowaPOS T25 is being introduced to       the CT-Payment’s ISO and software developer partners as a preferred       tablet-based POS platform for meeting the growing demand from their       retail clients. With this relationship, POS software developers can now       directly connect to CT-Payment’s advanced payment processing solutions,       which provides full authorization and settlement services for credit       card payments as members of the VisaNet, MasterCard and American Express       networks and Interac Direct Payments as a Direct Connector to the       Interac Inter-Member Network. 

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150924005183/en/ 
 
“As a company, CT-Payment understands the very specific needs that make       ISOs successful, and has always been focused on helping them easily       access our full range of payment services,” said Denis Robert. President       and CEO of CT-Payment. “Now, with this integration with the PowaPOS T25       platform, we are enabling more of these ISOs to be able to provide a       fully integrated, advanced tablet-based solution to their merchant       clients, with ‘plug and pay’ capabilities right out of the box.” 
 
PowaPOS is the first point of sale platform purpose built for       tablet-based payments. Its fully integrated design rids merchants of the       need for mismatched peripherals and provides industry-leading ease of       set-up. Features include a built in thermal printer, 2D barcode scanner,       universal tablet mount, orientation sensor, USB ports, as well as the       optional PowaPOS Cash Drawer – all in a sophisticated, compact form       factor and powered by a single cord. With its advanced PowaPOS       SDK, it is the only tablet-based platform to easily integrate with       all POS software applications across all operating systems: iOS, Windows       and Android, and is the first to provide merchants with the option to       use their choice of payment processor. 
 
“By integrating CT-Payment into our SDK, our companies have removed the       burden from the ISV and ISO of becoming payments experts, and provided       them with a value-added service they can use to get their merchants to       market faster,” said Jeff Dumbrell, CEO, PowaPOS. “And, with       CT-Payment’s Interac certification, we both dramatically simplify the       transition to tablet POS that Canadian merchants are seeking; while also       ensuring that the most advanced, secure payment processing is available.” 
 
With CT-Payment, ISVs and ISOs gain access to Canada’s largest debit-       and credit-card processing company to be fully independent of Canadian       financial institutions and acquirers. The company is a member of       Interac® and an experienced multi-acquirer service provider, offering       transaction processing for point-of-sale terminals. Because PowaPOS was       designed to work with any operating system and any mobile or       tablet-based POS application, reaction from across the payments industry       has been overwhelmingly positive. In the short time since the       introduction of the PowaPOS SDK, more than 75 ISVs across the globe have       successfully integrated their applications. The PowaPOS       SDK also supports third party payment devices, including NFC, and       enables instant integration with PowaTag,       Powa Technologies’ innovative mobile commerce app. 
 
 About CT-Payment Inc . (www.ct-payment.com) 
 
CT-Payment (CTP) has been setting the pace in electronic POS transaction       since 2002. It is the North American leader in EMV compliant payment       services and is Canada’s largest debit- and credit-card processing       company to be fully independent of Canadian financial institutions and       acquirers. As a member of Interac® and a debit acquirer, CT-Payment       delivers integrated debit authorization and settlement services on       behalf of its customers and business partners. As an experienced       multi-acquirer service provider, CTP offers transaction processing for       point-of-sale debit and credit terminals, customized web-payment       integration solutions, and the management of loyalty programs.       CT-Payment further specializes in the development of platforms for       emergent technology in the Global payment-processing ecosystem. It fully       complies with PCI international security standards. 
 
 About Powa Technologies () 
 
Powa Technologies is an international commerce specialist that creates       technologies that enable a seamless consumer experience across all       purchase channels: online, offline and everywhere. With its       next-generation solutions PowaTag, PowaPOS and PowaWeb, Powa removes the       final barriers to instant global transactions through a revolutionary       instant mobile payment technology, the first fully integrated tablet POS       platform, and advanced cloud-based ecommerce solutions. Significant       investment capital has accelerated company growth, attracting the       industry's finest subject matter experts to conceive, build and deploy       innovative commerce technology at the heart of both merchants' and       brands’ future omnichannel selling strategies. Powa Technologies is       headquartered in London, UK, with offices in New York, Atlanta, San       Diego, Miami, Toronto, Tokyo, Paris, Madrid, Stockholm, Milan, Hong       Kong, Singapore, Taiwan and Shanghai. Follow Powa on Twitter @PowaTechLtd 
 


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150924005183/en/ 
Published By: 
Business Wire: 12:55 GMT Thursday 24th September 2015 

Published: 2015-09-24T12:55

AS HEREFORDSHIRE Art Week approaches, people are asking if Ledbury is the most arty town in the county. 
 
The cluster of open studios around Ledbury is second to none, and artists are even crossing the border from Worcestershire to take part. 
 
Ledbury-based artist, Peter Arscott of the Bankside Studios said: "Ledbury has the highest concentration of studios open to the public, more so than Hereford. We have 14 shows in town and just outside." 
 
Much of the work this year is inspired by plants and the natural world, and in a wide range of media. 
 
Valerie McLean has been painting through the year in the garden of her home in The Garth, Ledbury, and she has a series of paintings relating to walks over the hills and along the footpaths around Ledbury. 
 
Other local exhibitions include textiles by Amanda Wright and Jill Exell at Weavers Gallery in Church Lane and out at Bankside Studios, Little Marcle Road, Wendy Houghton is producing abstract sculptures from porcelain paper clay. 
 
A group of local artists who met on courses at Malvern School of Art are preparing to take part in h.Art for the first time. They are showing their work as part of a mixed media exhibition at the newly opened arts and crafts venue Studiocrafts, in Ledbury. 
   Promoted stories   
All seven members of the group work from home studios in and around Malvern and include Ruth Bowden who paints bold flower canvases, Jamie Cramp with his architectural studies, Julie Lloyd Roberts with handmade books, Geraldine Poole who creates hand- and machine-embroidered art, Jane Saunders’ linocut prints, Rae Stevens with mixed media artworks featuring local buildings and veteran h.Arter, Sarah Walker who designs and makes lampshades from stitched paper and OS maps. 
 
Rae Stevens said: "Preparing a body of work for h.Art has been both inspiring and challenging. We’re all excited and a little apprehensive to hear what visitors have to say about it." 
 
Studiocrafts is located beside the Royal Oak hotel at 5A The Southend in Ledbury. 
 
illustrator, author and artist Jackie Morris is at Blue-Ginger Gallery in Cradley to launch this year’s h.Art festival this year. 
 
The author, who lives on the Pembrokeshire coast, will read from her book ‘Queen of the Skies’ and from her very latest book “The Wild Swans’ during an informal evening with a light supper and refreshments. 
 
Blue-Ginger has many artists in residence during Herefordshire Art week, and the gallery will be open every day, from September 12 to September 20, from 10am to 5pm each day 
 
Rowan McOnegal will be opening his studio and garden at Castle Orchard, Putley, for the charity, Concern Universal. 
 
He said: "I will be showing new work and maybe demonstrating too. 
 
"I recently won an award from the prestigious worshipful company of glaziers and painters of glass at North Lands glass Centre in Lybster, Scotland." 
 
Herefordshire Art Week is in its 14th year and this year’s event has 150 artists and designer makers throughout Herefordshire. All 92 venues offer free entry to all visitors for the 9-day event. 
   
 Share article  
   
Herefordshire Art Week runs from September 12 until September 20. 
 
Further details on the website, www.h-art.org.uk

A poker player attacked and murdered the close friend of his former girlfriend's suspected lover, a court has heard. A poker player attacked and murdered the close friend of his former girlfriend's suspected lover, a court has heard. Crown prosecutor Tom Gyorffy, QC, told a Supreme Court jury on Wednesday that Collin Thomas became angry when George Anagnostellis refused to tell him where he could find his love rival.

Mr Gyorffy said Mr Thomas attacked Mr Anagnostellis, who was separated from his wife and living at his parents' home in Malvern East, before setting fire to the garage on April 11, 2014.

Mr Thomas has pleaded not guilty to one count of murder and one count of arson.

Mr Gyorffy said that at the time of his death, Mr Anagnostellis was an avid poker player who played and organised poker tournaments at local hotels.

The prosecutor described Mr Anagnostellis as a gentle man who was never violent or threatening to anyone.

Mr Gyorffy said Mr Thomas and his girlfriend, Tina Thwaites, who were both poker players, had been in a relationship for about a year when Ms Thwaites ended it some time before the alleged murder.

"Mr Thomas believed that she'd been having an affair with another poker player, Mr Billy Theoharis, and he was angry about that," the prosecutor told the jury.

"He was trying to track him (Mr Theoharis) down and was texting and calling his phone.

"Mr Theoharis was a good friend of the deceased man (Mr Anagnostellis)."

After playing poker at the Sandown Hotel, Mr Anagnostellis invited Mr Thomas, Andrew Heke and Scott Sullivan back to his parents' Malvern East home just after 1am on April 11.

The men went into the garage and sat around a table playing cards and drinking home-made ouzo and wine.

By 4.30am, Mr Sullivan became unwell and left the garage in a severely intoxicated state and was later picked up by his partner. Mr Heke was asleep at the table when Mr Sullivan left.

Mr Thomas then allegedly confronted Mr Anagnostellis about where he could find Mr Theoharis.

Mr Thomas later told police he assaulted Mr Anagnostellis about 20 to 30 times involving "a mixture of punches, elbows, kicks, knees, head butts" to the face, head and body.

"It's a bit of a blur," Mr Thomas told police.

"I'm not really too sure about how that went down. All I remember is getting to the point where I obviously felt angry enough to assault him.

"I was just not getting anywhere and just getting sandbagged and basically being treated like an idiot, like I didn't know anything. I wasn't getting the information, obviously, that I was after and I was getting frustrated."

Mr Thomas wanted to find Mr Theoharis because there were accusations he had "slept with my girlfriend (Ms Thwaites) at the time" in late 2013.

Mr Gyorffy said Mr Anagnostellis suffered a number of serious head and neck injuries from the beating which led to his death.

"The Crown says Mr Thomas then poured petrol on the floor and over Mr Anagnostellis' body and set it alight before he left the scene."

Defence barrister Colin Mandy told the jury Mr Thomas did not deny assaulting Mr Thomas but claimed the last time he saw him he was alive and about to set fire to himself and the garage.

"He (Mr Thomas) told the police that he dragged Andrew Heke out of there and was blown out of the door by the explosion that happened," Mr Mandy said.

The trial, before Justice Jack Forrest, continues. The story first appeared on The Age.

TORONTO — Conservative Leader Stephen Harper did some deft skating Friday when he was told hockey legend Wayne Gretzky would be unable to vote for him Oct. 19 thanks to rules barring long-term Canadian expats from casting a ballot. 
 

                            Harper was unapologetic about the law, which has effectively disenfranchised about 1.4 million Canadians who have lived abroad for more than five years and sparked anger among many of them. 
 

                            "Obviously, we're going to make sure that we have, I think, fair rules to make sure Canadian elections are decided by Canadian residents," Harper said during a campaign event in Calgary. 
 

                            "I've never heard Mr. Gretzky challenge that particular notion." 
 

                            Gretzky, who was raised in Brantford, Ont., but has lived for years in the United States, was slated to appear with Harper at an evening event Friday in Toronto. 
 

                            While Harper may not have heard from the Great One about losing his right to vote, other Canadians have been far more vocal, including actor Donald Sutherland, who denounced the law in a recent opinion piece. 
 

                            "I'm an expatriate and the Harper government won't let expatriates participate in Canadian elections," Sutherland wrote in the Globe and Mail. 
 

                            Two other expats have begun a crowdfunding effort to allow them to ask the Supreme Court to take up the case after Ontario's top court upheld the law as constitutional. 
 

                            In a tweet Friday, Gill Frank, who helped launch the constitutional challenge, wondered why Gretzky would be campaigning for Harper if he's precluded from voting for him. 
 

                            Another expat, Nicolas Duchastel de Montrouge, is running against Harper in his Calgary riding to highlight what he considers absurd rules that prevent him from voting, but not from running as a candidate. 
 

                            Harper is effectively "modifying" the Constitution, Duchastel de Montrouge said. 
 

                            "The Constitution doesn't have any residency requirements," he said. "It says every single of citizen of Canada is entitled to vote." 
 

                            Duchastel de Montrouge, now of suburban Seattle, is trying to get the required 100 signatures from residents he needs to become an official candidate — although he is discouraging people from voting for him if he does run. 
 

                            The first signature he got, he said, came from a fellow passenger on the flight to Calgary — a self-described Conservative. 
 

                            Gretzky, who recently endorsed Patrick Brown in his successful bid to lead Ontario's Progressive Conservative party, nevertheless won praise from Harper for representing more than just great hockey. 
 

                            "He has been, even as an expat, a fantastic ambassador," Harper said, "not just for our great national winter sport but for this country." 
 

                            Besides Sutherland and Gretzky, disenfranchised expats with strong ties to Canada could include such well-known figures as Neil Young, Celine Dion, William Shatner or even Sidney Crosby, another NHL superstar who lives in the U.S. 
 

                            The NDP, Liberals and Greens all say they believe the expats should be able to vote. 
 

                            By Colin Perkel, The Canadian Press

HELSINKI--( BUSINESS WIRE )--Regulatory News: 
 
Wulff-Yhtiöt Oyj (HEX:WUF1V): 
 
STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE September 30, at 12 a.m. 
 
Held on Sep 30, 2015, Wulff Group Plc’s extraordinary general meeting 
      decided that the number of board members is four. Johanna Marin, Ari 
      Pikkarainen, Andreas Tallberg and Heikki Vienola were elected as members 
      of the Board of Directors. The organizing meeting of Wulff Group Plc’s 
      Board of Directors, held after the extraordinary general meeting, 
      decided that the Chairman of the Board is Heikki Vienola. 
 
The extraordinary general meeting decided that the members of the Board 
      of Directors will receive a monthly fee of EUR 1,250. 
 
The extraordinary general meeting decided to change the Articles of 
      Association regarding the delivery of the invitation, so that the 
      invitation shall be published on Wulff Group Plc’s website. Articles of 
      Association 9 § was decided to be changed as follows: 
 
”The invitations to the General Meeting are published on the company’s 
      website at the earliest two months and not later than 21 days prior to 
      the General Meeting, but not later than nine days before the General 
      Meeting record date. In addition, the Board of Directors may decide to 
      publish the notice in some other manner. 
 
To be entitled to participate in a General Meeting, the shareholder 
      shall notify the company of participation by the date indicated in the 
      invitation, which may be at the earliest five days before the meeting.” 
 
In Helsinki on September 30, 2015 
 
WULFF GROUP PLC 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy 
 
Key media 
 
 www.wulff-group.com  
 
It all started from a small stationary store. This year Wulff celebrates 
      125 years of success. 
 
Wulff Group Plc is an increasingly international listed company as well 
      as the most significant Nordic player in office supplies and an industry 
      pioneer. Wulff sells and markets office supplies, facility management 
      products, IT supplies as well as ergonomics and first aid products. 
      Customers can also acquire international fair services from Wulff. 
 
This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com

Sandy Minto – Stupid MotherfuckerRyan Maxwell • September 12, 2015 Sandy Minto – Lidl Brand Vodka EP DOWNLOAD | Sandy Minto – Lidl Brand Vodka EP West Yorkshire based Sandy Minto has released the new video for his single “Stupid Motherfucker”. Produced by Robin Rizla, Stupid Motherfucker is taken from the Lidl Brand Vodka EP which was entirely recorded at DUBWHY studios. Fans can download the Lidl Brand Vodka EP from the download link above and also check out the official artwork too. You can watch the brand new video for Sandy Minto – Stupid Motherfucker on the YouTube player below. Tags: robin rizla, sandy minto	Category: Music, VideosAbout the AuthorView Author ProfileComments (0)Trackback URL | Comments RSS FeedThere are no comments yet. Why not be the first to speak your mind.Comments are closed.

A British amateur sailor has died after being hit by a sail while competing in a yacht race. 
 
Andrew Ashman, 49, was less than a week into the year-long Clipper Round the World Yacht Race when he was struck unconscious while sailing off the coat of Portugal. 
 
Veteran sailor and Clipper race founder Sir Robin Knox-Johnston paid tribute to Mr Ashman, who worked for many years as a London Ambulance paramedic. 
 
Sir Robin, the first person to sail non-stop single-handedly around the world, said: "This is extremely sad news and my heart goes out to his bereaved family and friends, and to his fellow crew who have come to know Andrew with great affection during his training and the early days of this race. 
 
"Safety is always our utmost priority, as our record shows, and we shall investigate the incident immediately in full co-operation with the authorities." 
 
Mr Ashman, an "experienced yachtsman" from Orpington, Kent, was adjusting the sail of his team's boat just after midnight last night when he was knocked unconscious by the sail and possibly the boom, race organisers said. 
 
He was given immediate medical assistance and attempts were made to resuscitate him, but he never regained consciousness and died in the early hours of this morning. 
   Promoted stories   
The vessel was in moderate seas when it was hit by a Force Six strong breeze (24-30 mph / 21-27 knots) and the tragedy happened. 
 
A spokesman for race organisers Clipper Ventures said: "At this stage it looks like a tragic accident as far as we can see, but obviously there will be a full assessment. 
 
"The skipper and crew have been very upset." 
 
His boat, sponsored by South African firm IchorCoal, had been sailing around 120 nautical miles off the Portuguese coast heading towards Brazil in the first leg of the race. 
 
Mr Ashman's boat, known as CV21, was part of a fleet which set sail from Tower Bridge last Sunday for the year-long race. 
 
They were in the midst of the first of 14 mini-races and just under a week into the competition when Mr Ashman died. 
 
His team have now diverted to Portugal are expected to arrive near Porto in the early hours of tomorrow morning. 
 
It is the first death in the history of the Clipper Race, which was established nearly 20 years ago. 
   
 Share article  
   
Mr Ashman had enjoyed sailing since joining the London Sailing project when he was 16 and was experienced on the seas, having completed his competent crew, day skipper, yachtmaster theory and coastal skipper courses. 
 
The Clipper Race fleet is run by Clipper Ventures and comprises twelve identical yachts under the command of highly experienced professional skippers.

One of Jordan Brand’s newest designs is the Air Jordan 7 “Sweater.”  The sneaker releases in honor of Jordan Brand’s 30th anniversary.  Inspired by the old McDonalds commercial where Michael rocks a sweat sporting a similar patter, this  Air Jordan 7 will go down as an instant classic. 
 
Earlier this week we took a look at a GS pair of the  Air Jordan 7 “Sweater,” and that had us excited to cop for the whole family.  The sneaker’s White base makes for a perfect complimenting feature for the “sweater” patterned overlays.  Scheduled to release November 14th, let us know what you’re thinking of the Air Jordan 7 “Sweater” below. 
 
Source:  @solefirst 
  Author’s Take  
These are pretty dope.  They remind me of those Air Jordan 5s inspired by the Fresh Prince Of Bel Air. 
 
Download the new KicksOnFire app ( iOS ) ( Android ) and stay up to date on all the news and release dates you need to know. 
 
Subscribe to the KicksOnFire YouTube Channel 
 
  
 
The post The Air Jordan 7 “Sweater” Is Will Make Its Debut Later This Year! appeared first on KicksOnFire.com .

Pope Francis prayed for the ongoing negotiations between FARC rebels and the Colombian government happening in Cuba right now saying that “another failure” is not an option.     “Please, we do not have the right to allow ourselves yet another failure on this path of peace and reconciliation,” he said following the Sept. 20 Sunday Angelus in Revolution Square.     Since 1964, more than 200,000 people have been killed in Colombia’s civil war. For the past three years, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebels and the Colombian government have been engaged in peace talks in Cuba, but an outcome has not yet been reached.     “At this time I feel bound to direct my thoughts to the beloved land of Colombia,” he said, “conscious of the crucial importance of the present moment when, with renewed effort and inspired by hope, its sons and daughters are seeking to build a peaceful society.”     Although much innocent blood has been shed in the decades of armed conflict, he hopes that their sacrifice, united with Christ’s, may “sustain all the efforts being made, including those on this beautiful island, to achieve definitive reconciliation.”     “Thus may the long night of pain and violence can, with the support of all Colombians, become an unending day of concord, justice, fraternity and love, in respect for institutions and for national and international law, so that there may be lasting peace,” the Holy Father said.     Turning his attention to the example of the Blessed Mother, the pontiff urged those present to “place all our concerns and hopes before the heart of Christ.”     “We pray to her in a special way for those who have lost hope and find no reasons to keep fighting, and for those who suffer from injustice, abandonment and loneliness,” he said.     Like Mary, we must learn to “keep our hearts awake and attentive to the needs of others” and the “little details of life” so that no one will lack “the joy which Jesus brings us.”     Pope Francis then prayed for all those experiencing difficulty, especially the Cubans whom he called the “sons and daughters” of Mary.

Capping a summer packed with none-too-subtle action packed reboots and super hero films, comes a refreshing, heartfelt comedy from Parent Trap director Nancy Meyers. The Intern, starring Robert DeNiro and Anne Hatheway, meshes generations with its writing, forcing not only its characters to experience lifestyles it has not become accustomed to, but also its actors and ...

Draft Duel: Where Winning Is Fantasy By Funny Or Die, more » Sign up for Draft Duel today, and your life could be ruined by tomorrow! Published September 22, 2015 2.6k views More Info » Full Credits Funny Or Die Uploader Carlos Santos Actor Michael Cassady Actor Will Hines Actor will_mclaughlin Actor Travis Helwig Writer/Director Aaron Ulrich Director of Photography Matt Sweeney Gaffer Shawn James Visual Effects Additional Credits Additional Credits: Starring - Carlos Santos, Michael Cassady, Will Hines and Will McLaughlin
Written and Directed by Travis Helwig
Director of Photography - Aaron Ulrich
Gaffer - Matt Sweeney
Visual Effects - Shawn James
Editor - Pascal De Maria
Producer - Sean Boyle Stats & Data 196 Funny Votes 122 Die Votes 2,610 Views Published September 22, 2015 Categories: Parody Keywords: draft duel fan duel parody draft kings parody fantasy football gambling addiction Transcript NARRATOR: Draft Duel's one week leagues for real money are the hottest thing in fantasy football. Will McLaughlin: On Draft Duel I won over $62,000 dollars, is what I would've been saying if I had made some slightly different choice in players. NARRATOR: Draft Duel is easy. Just choose a league, pick a team, and throw your money into a cyber garbage bin of hope. Michael Cassady: Thanks to a loop whole in the Unlawful Internet Gaming Enforcement Act, this isn't gambling. It's just wagering money on sports. Carlos Santos: There's dollar games, $2 dollar games. Will Hines: I spent $150 dollars on draft duel which I was going to use to take out my wife, but I didn't win. Then my wife left me, which means I have more to spend on next week. I got my friends at work to join, and I made 6 grand in one week, mostly off of them. NARRATOR: Leagues last one week so you can choose when you play. You can play during the day. You can play in the middle of the night when your wife screams, "Seriously, Derek, get out of my life!" NARRATOR: Over one million people have already won money on Draft Duel, and you get your money right away so you can bet it again, and lose it all the following week. Each player has a value. You just pick your team, and you make your bet. Week one, you may win 20 bucks. Week 2, doesn't go so hot. Week 3, you double down, and it also doesn't go so hot. I won $2000 dollars from a pawn shop where I sold my wedding ring. Jocelyn just needs to trust me more. I mean, that's what a wife does, ex-wife. Ex, that's the first time I said that out loud. My God. Does anybody want to buy my car? Week 5, you've thrown your phone into the river, because you're tired of your friends calling up and asking for their money back. NARRATOR: And with Draft Duels money back guarantee, you have nothing to lose. I have nothing left to lose. I have nothing left to lose. I have, nothing. NARRATOR: So head over to DraftDuel.com for a free $200 dollars. Type in the promo code, "ThisIsAGoodIdea69". Up Next: NFL Fantasy Football Commissioners Resign AUTOPLAY Up Next In: 10 NFL Fantasy Football Commissioners Resign You're Welcome: Fantasy Football Fever Lindsay Lohan's eHarmony Profile Funny Or Die Beats Weird Al at Twitter Follow Facebook Twitter Tumblr Instagram Browse Related Comments Videos Recommended by FOD Staff Pics & Words Recommended by FOD Staff 3100+ more View All  ▶ Funny Or Die 20+ more View All  ▶ Will Hines 40+ more View All  ▶ Travis Helwig 150+ more View All  ▶ Aaron Ulrich 200+ more View All  ▶ Matt Sweeney 20+ more View All  ▶ Shawn James Advertisement Funny Or Die Advertisement Featured Today More

SUN SEP 06 2015 ~12:15 PM DEERFIELD-BANNOCKBURN FPD PERSONAL INJURY CRASH 42.198961, -87.886794 (TRI-STATE TOLLWAY AND ROUTE 22 ) REPORT OF A CAR CRASH WITH 2 MOTORCYCLES. CALL INITIALLY INCORRECTLY REPORTED AS SOUTHBOUND. BC20 REQUESTS A SECOND AMBULANCE AT 12:16 PM. E19 REPORTS THE CRASH IS NORTHBOUND AT THE BOTTOM OF THE RAMP AT 12:18 PM -- IN THE 20 COMPANIES. CRASH IS ON THE INSIDE LANE; LANES 1 AND 2 BLOCKED. CREW ON ARRIVAL REPORTS THEY NEED TWO AMBULANCES. NORTHBOUND TRAFFIC BACKED UP TO LAKE COOK RD BY ABOUT 12:35 PM. TWO MOTORCYCLES TOWED FROM SCENE.
UNITS ASSIGNED ... ENGINE(S): E19 E20 TRUCK(S): T ?? SQUAD(S): SQD ?? CHIEF(S): BC20 EMS: A19 A20 LIVE TRAFFIC MAP … http://maps.google.com/?q=42.198961,+-87.886794+(tri-state+tollway+and+route+22+)&t=h&z=17&layer=t Get updates in your Facebook feed facebook.com/CardinalEmergencies Banockburn, IL MAP google.com/maps/place/Banockburn,+IL GOOGLE SEARCH INCIDENT ADDRESS google.com/#q=42.198961,+-87.886794+(TRI-STATE+TOLLWAY+AND+Route+22+) GOOGLE SEARCH Deerfield-Bannockburn FPD google.com/#q=Deerfield-Bannockburn+FPD+Illinois Deerfield-Bannockburn FPD NEWS google.com/#q=Deerfield-Bannockburn+FPD+ILLINOIS&tbm=nws Banockburn, IL NEWS google.com/#q=Banockburn,+IL+ILLINOIS&tbm=nws SEARCH YOUR OWN with PRE-DEFINED SEARCHES search.chicagofiremap.net

DENVER , Sept. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- CPEP, The Center for Personalized Education, is celebrating 25 years of promoting quality patient care and safety by enhancing the competence of physicians and other healthcare professionals. More than 4,000 healthcare professionals have participated in CPEP's programs ultimately improving the care of more than four million patients. 

CPEP launched in Colorado in 1990 with the goal of providing in-depth assessment and education to objectively address physician performance concerns. Within its first year, CPEP had participants from four other states and has since gone on to serve a national audience. "I don't think anyone ever imagined that CPEP would have the impact and national reach that it has today" said Beth Korinek , chief executive officer for CPEP. 
   
Jandel Allen-Davis , vice president of government, external relations, and research, Kaiser Permanente Colorado observed, "I think CPEP has only become more vital in the world of healthcare today." 

CPEP offers comprehensive seminars and courses on a variety of topics, including communications, medical record keeping, prescribing prescription drugs and professional ethics. It also offers a Reentry to Clinical Practice program for those healthcare professionals who have voluntarily taken time off from practice and need to update their skills before returning to the workplace. 

"Over the last 25 years, CPEP has been able to adapt and thrive in a rapidly changing healthcare landscape and has successfully filled a significant need in the medical community," noted Korinek. "CPEP helps prevent the loss of educated physicians from our healthcare system – a very valuable resource during a time of a considerable physician shortage." 

CPEP is also growing its operations to help meet the nation's increasing demand for more healthcare professionals. In 2014, CPEP opened a satellite office in Raleigh, North Carolina to better serve physicians and healthcare professionals across the U.S. and in Canada . 

In July 2015 , CPEP formed a partnership with the Massachusetts Medical Society to ensure that programs are available for Massachusetts physicians who need to update or document their skills and competence as well as those who have taken extended time off from clinical practice. 

CPEP's 2014 Annual Report highlights some of its recent growth and accomplishments. To learn more about CPEP's 25 th Anniversary, visit www.cpepdoc.org . 

Contact: 
Erich Kirshner 
Evolution Communications Agency 
303.921.6733 or erich@becausemessagematters.com 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-center-for-personalized-education-celebrates-25th-anniversary-300137456.html 

SOURCE  CPEP

Mumbai: Bollywood actor Jackky Bhagnani, who made a faux pas last year when he misspelt Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai's name as 'Masala' in a tweet, got a chance to meet the Pakistani activist in London on Thursday. He considered the meeting as his “dream” and called Malala his “hero”. 

Jackky, who has appeared in films like “F.A.L.T.U” and “Welcome to Karachi”, earlier apologised to the 18-year-old by making a satirical six-minute video with live video entertainment platform #fame for writing her name incorrectly. 

The response to the video was so overwhelming that it urged Malala and her father, Ziauddin Yousafzai to invite Jackky over to meet them. The video went viral on social media a few weeks ago on the occasion of Malala’s 18th birthday on July 12. 

“For me things have come a full circle. From an auto-correct mistake to a birthday video tribute to a dream meeting with one of my heroes. Malala is not just an inspiration but a living example of how to fight with courage and determination,” Jackky, who left for London on Monday, said in a statement. 

“Her humility is touching and her sincerity is what makes her the leader that she is. Malala is a celebration of the human spirit and this meeting was an opportunity for me to experience that,” he added. 

Malala says Jackky's video was the “first thing” she saw on her birthday, which “made my day.” 

“The support encourages me to go on further as I know I'm not a lone girl in this mission of wanting girls to get quality education. I'm very thankful to Jackky and the team that made this video.” Malala said. 

Jackky also took to Twitter and shared a photograph of the meeting. He captioned it: “From a mistake to a dream meeting! To my hero, thank you #Malala @ZiauddinY.” 



Jackky further tweeted, "No family upholds the message of #BetiBachaoBetiPadhao better than @ZiauddinY & #Malala @PMOIndia @narendramodi" 


Malala Yousafzai's message to India 
He also shared a video message from Malala in which she can be heard saying: “Hello! Namaste and As-salamu alaykum to all my friends in India, all my brothers and sisters. I would like to say a big thank you to all of you for your kind support and encouragement to me and my campaign for education and it's your prayers and words that gives me strength to work even harder to ensure that every girl goes to school. 

“It's my ambition to work for that in Pakistan, in India and ensure that girls are working that hard and they will contribute to their society. So I'm putting forward to coming to India Inshallah and working there. Thank you.” 

Watch here: 

[embedded content] 
  
For latest news on mobile and tablet, download IndiaTV Android app and iOS app. 
                Also like IndiaTV's official Facebook page and follow us on Twitter to stay tuned to latest news.

HAIFA, Israel, Sept. 10, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq:PSTI) (TASE:PSTI), a leading developer of placenta-based cell therapy products, reported yesterday financial results for its fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, and provides corporate and financial highlights for fiscal year 2015.

"During fiscal 2015 we executed our strategy to shorten the time to commercialization for PLX-PAD, our lead product, and significantly advanced the development of PLX-R18, our second product," said Zami Aberman, Pluristem's Chairman and CEO.

"We achieved a major milestone when our clinical development program for PLX-PAD in critical limb ischemia (CLI) was selected for Europe's Adaptive Pathways pilot project. Only a handful of programs were chosen worldwide. Pending a single successful Phase II trial, PLX-PAD could enter the European market in 2018 with conditional approval to treat a type of CLI. Another important milestone was safety clearance of PLX-PAD cells for use in clinical trials in Japan."

"We also advanced our U.S. program for PLX-R18 in the treatment of incomplete hematopoietic recovery following hematopoietic cell transplantation. This year we also announced an important new clinical finding from our Phase I/II trial in muscle injury, suggesting that treatment with PLX-PAD could also significantly strengthen muscle force in the contralateral leg.

"During fiscal 2015, we strengthened our valued partnerships with United Therapeutics, Cha Bio and the U.S. National Institutes of Health, and finished the fiscal year with a robust balance sheet. We look forward to a very productive fiscal 2016 on all fronts," Mr. Aberman concluded.

Clinical and Corporate Highlights for Fiscal Year 2015 Include:

During fiscal 2015, Pluristem raised net cash of $17.2 million from issuance of common stock, and from exercises of outstanding warrants and options. The fundraise marked the accomplishment of a goal to increase US institutional ownership. In addition, the Company was awarded $2.9 million grant from the Office of the Chief Scientist (OCS) of Israel's Ministry of Economy to support R&D programs, as well as a "Smart Money" grant from Israel's Ministry of the Economy to support marketing activities in Japan. As of June 30, 2015, Pluristem had $53.1 million in cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits, restricted deposits and marketable securities. The Company expects this will support its activities for the next two years.

About Pluristem Therapeutics Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. is a leading developer of placenta-based cell therapy products. The Company has reported robust clinical trial data in multiple indications for its patented PLX (PLacental eXpanded) cells. The cells release a cocktail of therapeutic proteins in response to inflammation, ischemia, hematological disorders, and radiation damage. PLX cell products are grown using the Company's proprietary three-dimensional expansion technology. They are off-the-shelf, requiring no tissue matching prior to administration.

Pluristem has a strong intellectual property position; Company-owned, GMP-certified manufacturing and research facilities; strategic relationships with major research institutions; and a seasoned management team.

Safe Harbor Statement

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and federal securities laws. For example, we are using forward-looking statements when we discuss PLX-PAD's potential to enter the European market in 2018 with conditional approval to treat a type of CLI, when we discuss our preparation for submission of an Investigational New Drug application to FDA for PLX-R18 in the treatment of incomplete hematopoietic recovery following hematopoietic cell transplant, when we discuss PLX-R18's potential to improve the outcome of bone marrow transplantation, and when we discuss our expectation that our current cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits, restricted deposits and marketable securities will support its activities for the next two years. These forward-looking statements and their implications are based on the current expectations of the management of Pluristem only, and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements: changes in technology and market requirements; we may encounter delays or obstacles in launching and/or successfully completing our clinical trials; our products may not be approved by regulatory agencies, our technology may not be validated as we progress further and our methods may not be accepted by the scientific community; we may be unable to retain or attract key employees whose knowledge is essential to the development of our products; unforeseen scientific difficulties may develop with our process; our products may wind up being more expensive than we anticipate; results in the laboratory may not translate to equally good results in real clinical settings; results of preclinical studies may not correlate with the results of human clinical trials; our patents may not be sufficient; our products may harm recipients; changes in legislation; inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications; loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition, which could cause the actual results or performance of Pluristem to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by law, Pluristem undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. For a more detailed description of the risks and uncertainties affecting Pluristem, reference is made to Pluristem's reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

CONTACT: Pluristem Therapeutics Inc.

Karine Kleinhaus, MD, MPH

Divisional VP, North America

1-914-512-4109

karinek@pluristem.com

An inexpensive way to make eating raw vegetables fun with this flavorful 6-ingredient kale pate and spread that’s low-FODMAP. No garlic or nuts! 
 
I’m thankful to have a handful of very close girlfriends that motivate me to be the best version of myself, help me see the world in a new way, and inspire me to do good for myself and those around me. Lesley (we call her Sprout) is one of these friends for me. Every time I see her, I leave feeling refueled and inspired. 
 

 
During my last visit, she reminded me of my love for herb pate (remember my Sweet Almond Pate from 4 years ago?). Every meal, Sprout served a bowl of fresh-cut veggies with oodles of mason jars filled with nut-free spreads adorned with little spoons. We were free to fill our plates with zucchini sticks, carrot sticks and cucumber rounds, then slather them in the various vegetable spreads she’d made fresh that morning. 
 

 
My vegetable intake skyrocketed that week! All I wanted to do was eat raw vegetables slathered in herb pate. And it goes beyond that. This pesto-like spread is great as a topping for roasted vegetable and meat bowls, a dip for plantain chips or added to scrambled eggs. 
 
Lesley graciously agreed to let me me share this recipe with you. She rarely measures anything; she has a knack for knowing exactly how to make something without needing to measure, so it took me a bit of time to recreate the recipe when I came home. After a couple of versions, this is the closest I could get to the real thing. 
 
   Print   The Best! Kale Pate and Spread    Author:  Leanne Vogel  Recipe type:  Vegan, Paleo, Gluten-free, Dairy-free, Sugar-free, Yeast-free, Corn-free, Grain-free, Nut-free, Egg-free, Low-Carb, Keto    Prep time:  10 mins   Cook time:  5 mins   Total time:  15 mins     Serves:  10      An inexpensive way to make eating raw vegetables fun with this flavorful 6-ingredient kale pate and spread that’s low-FODMAP. No garlic or nuts!   Ingredients   1 head (6 cups) green, purple or dino kale, chopped  1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil  ⅔ cup raw organic sesame seeds or hemp hearts  ⅔ cup extra-virgin olive oil or MCT oil  8 green onions, green part only  3 tablespoon apple cider vinegar  1 ¼ teaspoon grey sea salt      Instructions   Add chopped kale and 1 tablespoon olive oil to a cast iron pan and heat on low, covered, until slightly crispy, about 7 minutes.  Transfer to your high-powered blender or food processor with “S” blade .  Add remaining ingredients. Blend until smooth, using the blenders’ tamper to push the ingredients down to the blade.  Spoon into a mason jar and store in the fridge for 4-5 days.      Notes  FODMAP: to make even lower FODMAP, use less sesame seeds. You could go down to ¼ cup sesame seeds and an equal amount of oil.    3.3.3077  
 View Nutrition Information (one on page, scroll down) 
 

 
Begin by sauteing the kale in a cast iron pan with a tablespoon of olive oil. You could also use avocado oil here (and it’s more heat stable). Saute until crisp. 
 
Meanwhile, you could add the remaining ingredients into the blender. 
 

 
Once the kale is done, add it to the jug of your blender. Turn on and blend until smooth. I like it a little chunky, so I didn’t let it get too smooth. 
 

 
This kale pate is one of many spread recipes I’ve created for my newest book, Fat Fueled. Coming October 2015. 
 
From in-depth plans and support for eating high-fat with thyroid imbalances, adrenal fatigue, anxiety, pregnancy, fertility… addressing keto rash, brain fog, plateaus, workouts, fasting, training, 4 strategies (with meal plans) on carb ups, superfoods, weight loss, weight gain, complications/frustrations, and the most exciting: intuitive eating with high-fat living. 
 
The program is filled with simple actions that you can incorporate into your life, step by step. Along with a 4-week meal plan to continue on your fat-burning journey. It’s about creating balance, a healthy relationship with your body and healing ourselves. Yeah, weight loss will likely come as a result, but it’s not the main focus. Why? Because 95% of the women I’ve worked with in the last year were so focused on losing weight that they lost sight of taking care of their bodies and in turn, couldn’t lose weight to save their life. 
 
Get a sweet early bird discount, early access to the Fat Fueled program + an invitation to an exclusive private online event. Sign up below… 
 
  First Name * Email *                 
Your body wants to be healthy, it wants to look good and be balanced. By getting out of our head and letting our body flow through the Fat Fueled program, we provide ourselves with the resources we need to create a life (and body) that we love while sliding into fat-burning mode and totally becoming a lady boss ;)

The man shot dead by police last week outside his Texas home had hit one of the officers with the butt end of a knife, the lawyer for the family of Gilbert Flores said Thursday. 

But Thomas Henry said experts the family has working on the case have "serious concerns" about whether Flores was an imminent threat to two Bexar County deputies who had their handguns pointed at him and shot him. 

If the threat was gone, he said, "you can no longer use deadly force." 

Henry said Flores had a knife in his hand as police officers investigated a domestic disturbance call at the family's San Antonio home. Flores' wife had been injured earlier and the 911 call was warranted, Henry said. But Flores hadn't used a knife against her, the attorney added. 

Henry also said a report that a baby had been injured was inaccurate. 

The lawyer said he has yet to see a second video that also shows Flores' interaction with police and the moment he was shot. Authorities have not released the video to the media or public. 

A video that was posted online Monday by CNN affiliate KSAT shows Flores raising his arms as he stands in front of the officers. In that video, shot by a passing motorist, Flores' left arm is obscured by a pole. 

The first video provides a stark, long-distance view of Flores. The second video is longer and is recorded from a different angle than the cell phone video that has been shown by the news media, Bexar County Sheriff Susan Pamerleau said Wednesday. 

The sheriff said the video shows Flores with "something in his hand." 

"We believe it was a knife," Pamerleau told reporters. 

The video, recorded by a neighbor, shows suspect Gilbert Flores acting "wildly aggressive," a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN. The footage also shows the suspect charging one officer with a knife at one point and also shoving chairs at an officer, the source said. 

Authorities have declined to comment on whether they found a knife at the scene. 

The deputies, who are on administrative leave, are Greg Vasquez and Robert Sanchez, the sheriff's office has said. 

CNN's efforts to contact them have so far been unsuccessful. 

Each has been with the sheriff's office for more than a decade, Pamerleau said. Neither deputy involved in the shooting was wearing a body camera. 

Flores had previous run-ins with the law. He was cited for possession of marijuana in 1995, criminal trespassing and aggravated assault in 1999, and aggravated robbery in 2003. 

The incident comes at a time when law enforcement officers are under scrutiny for how and when they resort to lethal force. The killings of several people by police over the past year have heightened tensions with the communities they serve, especially among minorities.

A disciplinary investigation is underway after an SABC expose revealed a gross misuse of police tow trucks by officers. 

The officers were caught on camera using the police tow trucks for business purposes.  Staffers implicated move the vehicles of members of the public - at a fee.   

This is against the law as the truck is only allowed to move official cars or stolen vehicles that have been recovered . 

Watch the video below for the full SABC exposé: 
 
[embedded content]

The term: “butter fingers” is so well known, I think a play on it would make for a fun ad for butter. So in this proposed ad for a brand of butter, a couple would be preparing food in their kitchen when one of them drops something on the floor, and the other one says: “Margarine fingers.” Then the person who dropped the thing looks back at their partner and makes a ‘yuck’ expression, indicating that “margarine fingers” does not sound at all appetizing. Then they decide together to use butter in the dish they are preparing rather than margarine. Then the announcer says: “There’s just no substitute for (whatever brand of) real butter.”

SOURCE Arcis Resources Corporation

WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. 

CEO Chris Margait 

About Arcis Resources Corporation by and through its wholly owned subsidiaries is a technology solution provider with strong focus on software, web, mobile apps, and social media. We specialize in developing online information and directory portals for markets that strategically bring revenue, and growth. Our goal is to serve as a platform for software, web, mobile app, and social media development used for licensing, and distribution worldwide.

Safe Harbor Statement 

This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27a of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and section 21e of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Those statements include the intent, belief or current expectations of the company and its management team. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Accomplishing the strategy described herein is significantly dependent upon numerous factors, many that are not in management's control. Some of these factors include the ability of the company to raise sufficient capital, attract qualified management, attract new customers and effectively compete against similar companies.

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/arcis-resources-corporation-signs-agreement-with-the-first-us-budbreakfast-place-with-locations-in-san-ayre-colorado-springs-and-denver-300143800.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

A city panel Wednesday rejected a plan for a Family Dollar store at Main and East Amherst streets that a group of residents, as well as a prominent Buffalo developer, didn’t want in the neighborhood.

The Zoning Board of Appeals voted, 3-1, against the discount store that Hutchinson Commercial Real Estate Services of Williamsport, Pa., proposed building at 2675 Main St., site of the now-vacant former Eckerd drugstore building.

“The overwhelming response to the community – so many were against it,” the Rev. James Lewis, board chairman, said in explaining why he voted against the plan.

Board member Anthony Diina, the only vote in favor, said he supported the project, given the unusual shape of the lot and the failure of the existing zoning for the property. He referred to disparaging comments made by opponents of the store as “outrageous” and also was critical of those who criticized a community organization that supported the project.

“It’s clear the Zoning Board of Appeals capitulated to community opposition of a vocal minority,” said attorney Corey A. Auerbach, representing Family Dollar.

The board was being asked to approve zoning variances addressing issues including signage, parking, building size and front and side yard placement. Auerbach argued that any new construction on the irregularly shaped site would face similar zoning issues.

Opposition to the Family Dollar plan, nonetheless, was strong and vocal.

Some 18 people lined up in the boardroom Wednesday to speak against the plan. Among them were John A. Ciminelli, of LPCiminelli, whose company is in the process of redeveloping the nearby Central Park Plaza into a $70 million apartment complex.

“It doesn’t fit here,” Ciminelli said of the store, arguing that it goes against the city’s efforts to promote a Green Code and transit-friendly development. “You don’t want to walk out of the subway station and see this,” he said.

Assemblywoman Crystal D. Peoples-Stokes, D-Buffalo, also spoke against the proposal.

“I represent both sides of Main Street,” the assemblywoman told the board. “What is proposed is not something people want.”

“Masten constituents do not want this,” Common Council Member Ulysees O. Wingo of the Masten District.

Amber Small, executive director of Parkside Community Association, also opposed the plan. The zoning changes requested are severe, she said.

Melissa Brown, of FLARE Community Center on nearby Leroy Avenue, said that the group distributed surveys and that only 46 people opposed the project. About 3,000 residents live in the immediate area, she said. She didn’t have the surveys with her, but offered to provide them in the future. Wednesday, however, was the last of several Zoning Board meetings on the issue.

Previously, FLARE had been accused of supporting the project only after the developer offered a $100,000 donation. FLARE denied the accusation.

email: sschulman@buffnews.com

) Sydney, New South Wales -- Australian based Loan Easy has launched a new Website to ensure an enhanced user experience and full compliance with Google's ' Mobile friendly' algorithm update. 
   Google telegraphed to business owners late last year that they wanted all websites appearing in search results to be easily viewed on mobile and tablet devices. They said it can be a "frustrating experience for mobile searchers" to end up on a web page that is not mobile responsive. In November 2014, they added the label 'mobile-friendly' to their mobile search results to communicate this to searchers. 
Websites that achieved this rating have had the GoogleBot screen the Website detecting the following: if they contain software that is not common on mobile devices, the use of text that is readable without zooming, if links are far enough apart so that the correct one can be easily tapped and if content sizes to the screen so users don't have to scroll horizontally or zoom. 

Mr Justin Doyle, principal of Loan Easy said, "We have worked hard to ensured we provided the very best website for visitors to it and to ensure it was Fully compliant with the Google's new mobile algorithm rolled out on 21st April this year." He went on to say, "We have always used the latest technology to meet the ever changing needs of our customers and worked with our web developer to ensure our website appears well on all devices." 

Those wishing to learn more about Loan Easy and visit the new website are invited to do so at http://loanseasy.com.au/ 

About Loan Easy: 
Loans Easy provides unsecured fast loans solutions at competitive easy loans rates for those who find themselves in emergency financial situations. They offer an alternative to dealing with banks and other financial institutions. 

They offer fixed interest rates and easy repayment options with weekly or fortnightly payment options. 

Loans Easy are a member of the Credit Ombudsman Service and the Financiers Association of Australia, which means they adhere to strict codes of conduct. 

Loan Easy 

Justin Doyle 

0414 867 288 

sales@loanseasy.com.au 

This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 

Source: EmailWire.Com

Email   Comment    

International healthcare recruitment and workforce solutions provider H1 Healthcare has appointed Suhail Mirza as non-executive director.  

Mirza joins the company’s board as it continues its growth strategy across the UK and Australia. 

Email   Comment    

Configure your Portal 

Restore page default settings 

JOB OF THE WEEK 

LATEST RECRUITMENT JOBS 

Talent Point: Trainee Recruitment Consultant | Yr 1 - £50K | IT & DIGITAL 

ISL Recruitment: Senior Recruitment Consultant - Bristol - £24-£36K + Comms 

Computappoint: Trainee I.T Recruitment Consultant, London (OTE £35k++). 

More People: Recruitment Consultant 

Fresh Partnership: Senior Recruitment Consultant – S&M – Leeds 

Fresh Partnership: Senior Recruitment Consultant – Wakefield

India is likely to push for an early finalisation of the Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement with Sri Lanka during the September 14-16 visit of Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe to New Delhi. 
 
It will be the newly elected Sri Lankan PM's first visit to New Delhi, as well as his first official visit abroad after January, when he was first appointed to the post. 
 
Wickremesinghe had expressed his support for a Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA) with India only two months ago at a business forum in Colombo, asking Sri Lankan businessmen not to fear it but see it as an opportunity. 
 
The two countries have been talking about a CEPA for several years, but Sri Lankan opposition to it stalled its finalisation. India, government sources said, will now be looking to tie up the details with Wickremesinghe's "national unity government" and work towards finalising the agreement. 
 
Wickremesinghe has also spoken in favour of a land bridge between Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu and Thalaimannar on Sri Lanka's western coast. More than the Sethusamudram project, which has now been almost given up, the idea of a land bridge has supporters in the Modi government. 
 
The Sri Lankan PM is likely to have a lunch meeting with his counterpart Narendra Modi on September 15, aside from meetings with others in India's political leadership the same day. 
 
indianexpress.com 

Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad 

Select the Settings icon 

Select Safari from the settings menu 

Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu 

Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu 

Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen 

Select the Safari icon to return to Safari 

Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears 

Select the Safari icon to return to Safari

Albany, NY -- (SBWIRE) -- 09/22/2015 -- “The Report United Arab Emirates Crude Oil Refinery Outlook To 2020 provides information on pricing, market analysis, shares, forecast, and company profiles for key industry participants. - MarketResearchReports.biz”

HOPE: A boy holds onto a fence as he waits with other migrants and refugees to register at a camp after crossing the Greek-Macedonian border near Gevgelija. PICTURE: AFP/NIKOLAY DOYCHINOV  Source: AFP  
        
 TWO weeks ago I wrote about compassion, and was lambasted by some readers.  
   
I expected that. 

My subject was refugees, and how we should be taking them in, not turning them away. 

On the day the piece appeared, former Prime Minister Tony Abbott bowed to public pressure, and agreed to accept a few thousand of those people fleeing from Islamic State in Syria. 

However, my Facebook news feed over the last week has been full of hatred and fear, both in Australia and in the UK. 

I’ve found out that some of my friends, especially in the UK, are racist, sharing photos and videos purporting to show that the refugees are actually members of ISIS, put there to infiltrate other countries. 
 
Other pictures show families heading to a place called “Benefits”. 

I’m disappointed in these friends. 

I thought they would show compassion. 

Instead they’re showing fear and hatred. 

Their fear is that Islam is suddenly going to take over the world. 

I find it sad that there’s such intolerance. 
     
 ALL YOU NEED IS LOVE? John Lennon and Yoko Ono staged “love-Ins” during the 1960s, as they strived for a peaceful future. PICTURE: SUPPLIED  Source: News Limited  
    
I was a child of the 1960s, and grew up with the phrase: “Make Love, Not War”. 

I watched as John Lennon and Yoko Ono staged “love-Ins”, and hippies in San Francisco put flowers in their hair, all in the name of world peace. 

I look back on those days fondly. 

Here’s an edited version of the sort of Facebook post I’m talking about. 

“Muslims who want to live under Islamic Sharia law need to get out. 

“We speak English as our common language not any other language. Therefore, if you wish to become part of society, learn the language and speak it. 

“If God or other parts of British culture offend you, then I suggest you consider another part of the world as your home, because God and Christian values are a major part of our culture.” 

As I wrote a couple of weeks ago, we’re all migrants or refugees here in Cairns. 

I think back to my home town in the UK, which was host to French prisoners of war in the Napoleonic wars, and then in the Second World War, Polish refugees arrived. 

After they proved to be no danger, the French were allowed to wander around town freely, and after the Second World War, many of the Poles stayed, making great contributions to the town’s industries and culture. 
     
 NOT THE PROBLEM: Refugees should not be treated with fear and hatred. PICTURE: DAVID RAMOS/GETTY  Source:   
    
When we arrived in Australia back in 1992, we came here for a better life for our children, and part of the appeal was to live in a truly multicultural society. 

My children have undoubtedly had a better life than they would have had in the UK. 

Finally, I’ve had two GPs since moving to Cairns six years ago. 

The first was from Iran, and my current GP is Irish. 

Both migrants, and on Monday I saw a different doctor, who was obviously Indian or Pakistani, yet another migrant, and I was happy to put my healthcare into his hands. 

I reiterate, if it wasn’t for migrants and refugees, Cairns would be a very different place than it is today. 

A friend works for a Catholic aid agency in town. 

One of their core values is: “Solidarity … everyone belongs to one human family, regardless of their national, religious, ethnic, economic, political and ideological differences.” 

Sounds good to me. 

We only live once, let’s try and live that life in peace, not war. 

www.christopherellis.net

De Monfort Hall in Leicester has instead renamed their Christmas production of the children's classic 'Snow White and her Seven Friends' The move will mean that characters of Bashful, Doc, Dopey, Grumpy, Happy, Sneezy and Sleepy are now going to be played by child actors Harry Potter actor Warwick Davies has branded the decision 'patronising'  
A theatre has come under fire after scrapping the word 'dwarf' from its Snow White pantomime - claiming the term is too offensive. 

De Monfort Hall in Leicester has instead renamed their Christmas production 'Snow White and her Seven Friends', claiming the audience would 'not feel comfortable' with the term 'dwarf.' 

It means the characters of Bashful, Doc, Dopey, Grumpy, Happy, Sneezy and Sleepy are now going to be played by child actors in the children's classic. 
   
De Monfort Hall in Leicester has instead renamed their Christmas production 'Snow White and her Seven Friends', claiming the audience would 'not feel comfortable' with the term 'dwarf' 
   
It means the characters of Bashful, Doc, Dopey, Grumpy, Happy, Sneezy and Sleepy are now going to be played by child actors in the children's classic (stock picture) 

Harry Potter and Star Wars actor Warwick Davies has since branded the decision 'patronising'. 

The 45-year-old, who set up an agency representing short actors in the UK, believes the move is financially motivated - as dwarf actors can be expensive. 

He said: 'Personally, I find it quite patronising when people are offended on our behalf. 
 
'I'm sure there are those out there who don't like the term, but as a short actor I want to be given the choice about whether I appear in panto or not. 

'I don't want someone making that decision for me. 

'It loses something if you don't have Snow White's dwarves. I've been in a lot of pantos and I don't think it's offensive at all. 

'The excuse of 'people' being uncomfortable is a poor one - I doubt they've questioned the audience about whether or not they think the word dwarf is offensive. 

'I think it's all a smokescreen anyway. 

'The profit margins for pantos are not very big and it's obviously much cheaper to involve schoolchildren than it is to pay lots of professional short actors.' 
   
Actor Warwick Davis and Lizzie Jay-Hughes as Snow White 'Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs'. He has branded the decision 'patronising' 

A spokeswoman for the council run theatre, where the panto will run, said the word dwarf is 'generally not a word that people feel comfortable with'. 

But regular pantomime-goers have reacted with anger to the move.  

Father-of-two Mark Chapman, 27, from Coalville, said: 'How can you have Snow White and the Seven Dwarves without dwarves? It's utterly ridiculous. 

'You could understand kids playing the roles at a school pantomime but not in a big theatre. It is just political correctness gone mad. 

'You cannot just rebrand a children's classic at the risk of offending somebody. It is outrageous.' 

Darryl Birch, 34, added: 'If anything, it is more offensive to remove the term dwarf. What message does that send out? 

'Even if it is cost-cutting, it is still really lame. Pantomimes are supposed to be fun and magical and this is far from it. 

'I can't understand it. Their excuses are all poor and I think they ought to reconsider.' 

The theatre is charging £15 for an adult ticket to see the popular fairytale, written in 1812 by the Brothers Grimm and made into a feature length animation by Walt Disney in 1937. 

The production, which runs from December 12 to January 4 next year stars Sherrie Hewson of Benidorm fame and children's presenter Justin Fletcher. 

The title role of Snow White will be played by Sarah Accomando and Britain's Got Talent finalist Jon Clegg will also be appearing on stage.  

Willow Management, an agency representing short actors in the UK, also criticised the decision to axe the term 'dwarf' from the performance. 

The company, which was set up by Warwick Davis in 1995, claimed the move will 'take away the magic' from the pantomime and leave dwarf actors out of work. 

Co-director Peter Burroughs, 68, said: 'It is a cheap way of doing it. 

'They can employ kids but that takes the living away from some of the dwarf actors so that is the great sadness here. 

'It is wrong. I don't see that the term dwarf as offensive. I am a dwarf actor myself and I have never had any trouble. 

'People are often overjoyed with meeting the dwarf actors at these sort of shows. 

'We have never come across problems with people being uncomfortable before. 

'Everybody should be relaxed at these shows. We all live perfectly well nowadays so there should be no stigma. 
   
A promotional poster for the performance at De Monfort Hall in Leicester in 1986/87 contains the word 'dwarfs' 

'As one myself, I don't mind the term dwarf. 

'It can take away the magic from pantomimes. People expect magic, they expect to see all sorts of things at these shows. 

'I think it is a way of the theatre getting out of it, so they don't upset people.'  

Lucy Moore, commenting on De Montfort Hall's Facebook page, wrote: 'I am all for not offending people, but this is clearly a case of political correctness going slightly mad. 

'This musical has been around for about 80 years and loved by millions - for De Montfort Hall to change the name now is utterly ridiculous, in my opinion. I can't imagine they have had a single complaint since announcing the show. It's pretty patronising.' 

Sue Bourton, of Leicester, also writing on Facebook, said: 'I am a parent of a child with restricted growth (or to put it plainly a Dwarf). The term Dwarf is totally fine, as is little person. The term that is derogatory is 'midget' and this should never be used. 

'I was hoping that the show would use people with restricted growth to play the seven dwarves as that is how it should be, not to use children, that in itself is wrong. De Montfort Hall you have really got it wrong here, where will you draw the line? They should rethink this decision and revoke it, it's just plain silly!' 

Antonia Doyle wrote: 'Have a word with yourself, De Montfort Hall. By not having the seven dwarfs means that you're putting seven little men/women out if a job this year. 

'Stop being a killjoy and just stick by plan A, sack the idiot who came up with this ludicrous idea and get a life rather than bringing unnecessary disappointment to the kids and making an issue out of something that isn't.' 

And Michelle Acton said: 'Come on De Montfort Hall, get a grip! You're just making yourselves look stupid and spoiling it for the innocent children who know and enjoy the story for what it is. Political correctness gone totally wrong - pathetic.'  

 

Newton City Council Member Jeff Price has decided against running for a second term representing the city’s first ward. 
   
“I have really struggled with this because I love this community and want to do my part in making it great again. We are on a great track and can’t wait to see what the future brings. I’m proud of what the council has accomplished over the past four years,” Price said. “With two young kids growing up in front of my eyes, I need to step back and give them as much of my time as I can.” 

Price is the second council member to announce he will not seek another term, with at-large representative Noreen Otto also leaving her seat open. 

Council Member Craig Trotter, who represents the third ward, said he intends to run again. 

The first ward, third ward and an at-large seat are up for election in November along with the mayoral position. Mayor Mike Hansen has already turned in his candidacy forms and nomination, signaling his run for re-election. The Jasper County Auditor’s Office also said a second mayoral candidate, Garfield Berndt III, has turned in papers, making it the only contested race so far. 

Goodwill Career Connection Center Coordinator Miranda Kulis announced last week her intentions to run for an at-large seat. 

Forms, including an affidavit of candidacy and nomination petition, are now available through the auditor’s office, as well as on the city’s website.  

Candidates must get 25 signatures to move forward with the candidacy process. The deadline for filing is 5 p.m. Thursday. 

Contact Jamee A. Pierson at 641-792-3121 ext. 6534 or jpierson@newtondailynews.com 
Comments

Friday couldn't of come fast enough! More rain but that was just tonight, the rest of the day was mint as weather sun shining and great for driving. Idiots were still out in force with a huge nose to tail in Whakatane crushing the back of a little hatch back which pushed the boot all the way to the back wheels in which a hilux surf rear ended it. Also had a Chorus van pass with oncoming traffic and nearly hitting the car it was passing. Also nearly Tboned a dickhead in Kawerau who pulled straight out in front of me, no seatbelt and arm hanging out the window so would of just popped straight out the door if I hit him. That could of been fun! So yeah, over today with the idiots so bring on the busy weekend.....

Pick the Lansing State Journal prep athlete of the week. (Photo: Getty) 

Here are this week's candidates for the Lansing State Journal prep athlete of the week. Voting is open until noon Wednesday. (Refresh your browser if the poll doesn't immediately appear.) 

COURTNEY ALLEN, ITHACA CROSS COUNTRY: The Yellowjacket junior runner added to her early season success by finishing first at the Gratiot County Championships last week. Allen had a winning time of 20:02.27. She helped Ithaca take the team title with a score of 25. Allen also finished first at the St. Johns Under the Lights Invitational last month. 

NATHAN MAURER, WILLIAMSTON CROSS COUNTRY: He was the top finisher for Williamston and helped the Hornets win the team title at the Brett Clement Bath Invitational on Saturday. Maurer was seventh overall in 17 minutes and 35 seconds to lead five Williamston runners that finished in the top 17. Maurer has finished in the top 10 in each event he has raced in so far this fall. 

ABBY MEDER, LANSING CATHOLIC GIRLS GOLF: Helped Lansing Catholic take first at a CAAC White jamboree and at the Dick's Sporting Goods Perry Invitational. Meder shared low score honors with a 45 to help the Cougars win the CAAC White jamboree at Brookshire Golf Course. She carded an 82 at Perry to lead Lansing Catholic. 

BLAKE STEWART, ST. JOHNS FOOTBALL: The senior running back was a key part of a rushing attack that helped the Redwings to a road victory over previously unbeaten Mason. Stewart ran for 267 yards and three touchdowns in the 49-28 win. That included an 80-yard touchdown run in the third quarter that put St. Johns ahead by two scores. 

Know of a worthy LSJ prep athlete of the week? Send nominations to bcalloway@lsj.com by Sunday night each week. 

Contact Brian Calloway at bcalloway@lsj.com. Follow him on Twitter @brian_calloway. 

Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/1UQYdXz

What I Want You to Know is a series of reader submissions. It is an attempt to allow people to tell their personal stories, in the hopes of bringing greater compassion to the unique issues each of us face. If you would like to submit a story to this series, click here.  Today’s guest post is by Charity Craig. 
Only minutes after my mother-in-law arrived, there was a knock at the door. She returned, “there’s an officer here to serve you your divorce papers”. The words were the final nail in the coffin. It was over. My marriage was dead. There was nothing left for me to do, but let go, so I did. I began to sob and my mother-in-law just held me. Since I couldn’t pull myself together and the officer wanted to jet all the awkwardness, he served the papers to my mother-in-law. For the first time in my life, I fought for something, and I lost. Exhausted and depleted, I slipped the papers into my top drawer and took off my ring. I would deal with that tomorrow. I felt betrayed even by God. Didn’t he see how hard I had fought for the right thing? Now I had lost everything and didn’t see how he could ever turn something like this into good. I see and know what divorces do to families with children. In a brief moment, in my mind’s eye, it was like the shroud that hides my future was lifted and I could see down the tunnel of my life. An inaudible voice spoke to my heart, “Your good and perfect gift is eternal and I have it waiting for you, but until then you must walk this broken road”. Just like that, my dependence switched from Matt to Christ. Just like that, I gave up the fight to control. So, three days later when the shell of my husband showed up at the door and said he wanted to come back and give us a try, he met a different person. I was done fighting. It was over. He looked at me and said, “I’m sorry I never fought for us. I’m sorry I made you do it alone. You don’t need to fight anymore. I will”. The next several months he did fight, and we began to inch our ways back into the same room of life. I was determined not to put a Jesus Band-aid on the wounds, and Matt gave me permission to hurt. Standing across from Matt I lowered my shield and let him see my bleeding heart. Then, Matt lowered his shield and I was shocked to discover I wasn’t the only one in the room with a mortally wounded heart. Suddenly, “you need to pay for what you did” lost its punch. Over the next year, we’ve learned to take more risks with our own hearts, but be more tender with each other’s. We’ve practiced saying, “I forgive you” and “I love you” to each other and ourselves. This past weekend we celebrated our 10-year anniversary. We stayed in the nicest suite one night could buy here in town, and after enjoying free food and drinks in the concierge lounge we wandered down to the lobby lounge where Tom was singing classic songs. Matt gave a request and as Tom began to sing, Georgia on My Mind, Matt did the one thing he knew I’ve always longed to do; Matt pulled me up and danced with me while no one else danced. As Matt held me close, my heart was full. Tom finished his tune, thanked us for dancing, and then he said, “Let’s applaud this couple. That’s a couple in love”. Suddenly, everyone was applauding and looking at us. But what no one in that lounge realized, they were really applauding proof that there’s life after death.

Feast of St. Matthew, Apostle, Evangelist   REACHING OUT TO THE UNCHURCHED   “Why does your teacher eat with tax collectors and sinners?” – Matthew 9:11   At The Feast (the weekly prayer gathering of the Light of Jesus Family), we welcome everyone — the holy, the broken, and all sorts of people that Jesus used to minister to in His days. In fact, Bo Sanchez, The Feast founder, intended it to be a place where the “unchurched” can experience God’s love for them. That’s why it’s held in commercial places such as mall cinemas.        Through the testimonies that I, as managing editor of Kerygma magazine, have been receiving from Feast attendees, I can say that, truly, God is using it to extend His love to the people who are away from Him.        An example is Faye, a practicing lesbian then, who is now happily married to a man and is serving God through one of Bo’s media ministries. The unconditional love she received from a caring group at The Feast made her see her true identity as a daughter of God.        Jesus’ style. Pope Francis’s style. Bo’s The Feast style.        They all seem to work in bringing people back to God.        What’s your style? Tess V. Atienza (theresa.a@shepherdsvoice.com.ph)   Reflection: Who brought you closer to God? Say a prayer for him or her now.   Dear Jesus, thank You for showing us the way to love others, regardless of their past. Use me more to love and serve Your broken people.   St. Matthew, Apostle and Evangelist, pray for us.

West African regional bloc ECOWAS on Tuesday said it was sending a new delegation of heads of state to Burkina Faso to mediate after the country's interim president was ousted in a coup. "They have decided to despatch tomorrow (Wednesday) a delegation of heads of state to go to Ouagadougou to reestablish Michel Kafando in his function as president of the transition in Burkina Faso," said ECOWAS Commission president Kadre Desire Ouedraogo.

The Mets will have a fighting chance to keep Cespedes, which did not appear to be the case until Tuesday, when it was disclosed that the five-day provision in his current contract had been waived.

Because of John Wayne Gacy, John Doe No. 89 now has a name. 
 
It's Andy Drath, who as a teenage boy fit the profile of many of the serial killer's victims. Authorities don't think Drath was one of them, though investigators looking into Gacy's past did manage to put two and two together in a major breakthrough in a 36-year-old cold case and major relief to Drath's family. 

"You should never lose hope in finding your loved one." said Dr. Willia Wertheimer, Drath's half-sister who submitted DNA that proved pivotal. "... John Doe No. 89 now will come home to his kid sister with his own name -- Andy." 

A ward of Illinois' Department of Children and Family Services, Drath was a 16-year-old boy when he was last seen in late 1978 or early the next year, the Cook County, Illinois, Sheriff's Office announced Wednesday. He'd gone west to San Francisco, hoping to have his guardianship transferred there. 

It was in that Northern California city, in June 1979, that police found a male's body with multiple gunshot wounds in a homicide. 

They didn't know who he was, much less who killed him. And, according to authorities, his case went cold. 

At least until Gacy entered the picture. 

Gacy investigators sought help 

Gacy was arrested in December 1978, and about 14 months later, he went on trial. It ended with his conviction for raping and killing 33 boys and young men who he had lured into his home over a span of six years. To get them there, he'd promised them construction jobs, drugs and alcohol or by posing as a police officer or by offering money for sex. 

Twenty-eight bodies were found in and around the serial killer's Chicago home, most of them in a 40-foot crawl space beneath his house and garage. Four others had been thrown into the Des Plaines River. 

Yet while authorities believed and the jury agreed that Gacy was responsible for all these deaths, that didn't mean they knew who all of them were. 

That was the case in 2011, seven years after the serial killer was executed, when the Cook County Sheriff's Office launched a new effort to identify eight of the victims. 

This time, they'd use new technology to obtain DNA profiles, an effort they hoped would provide closure to families looking for their loved ones for decades. 

Sheriff: Case shows 'never give up' 

Only of those eight Gacy victims, William George Bundy, has been positively identified as a result. 

The Cook County Sheriff's Office said in a news release Wednesday that 12 cases have been closed as a result of Gacy-related leads, in part because relatives of missing people from that era and area came forward with new information at the urging of authorities. 

In five cases, once-missing people were found alive and were reunited with their families. Two others died of natural causes after they were reported missing. And there was some resolution for four other instances -- Drath being one of them. 

Wertheimer, his maternal half-sister, reached out to the Sheriff's Office and submitted DNA thinking that Drath -- as a young white male from Chicago's North Side -- fit the profile of Gacy's other victims. 

Investigators weren't able to link her to any of Gacy's known victims, but her information was uploaded to a federal DNA database. DNA from Darth's tissue samples was uploaded in late 2014, though it wasn't until May 2015 that this was matched with Wertheimer. Dental records and a tattoo with the name "Andy" confirmed the connection. 

Wertheimer learned of the link on September 10, and San Francisco police are now trying to find the killer -- not of John Doe No. 89 but of Andre "Andy" Drath. 

"I'm thankful that Andy Drath will be brought home and laid to rest with the dignity he deserves," Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart said. "This breakthrough illustrates that we should never give up on a cold case, no matter how hopeless it appears."

Five PMs since 2010  
Here we go again. My my. Another leader. Rocco Fazzari and Denis Carnahan with apologies to ABBA. 
 PT1M14S   620  349    
Every Prime Minister arrives with a history of disputes with other powerful figures, and Malcolm Turnbull has more than his fair share. Here's his top five: 

1.  Rupert Murdoch 
 
PM Malcolm Turnbull wants to scrap the archaic Knights and Dames system. Photo: Rob Homer  
  
Rupert Murdoch media mogul and prolific tweeter, has made no secret that he preferred Tony Abbott as leader of the Liberal Party. Murdoch's tabloids made no secret of it either. "Malcolm Turncoat," said the Herald Sun , "Smiling Assassin," said the Daily Telegraph after the party room spill. 
 
But the problems between Turnbull and Murdoch run deeper than a preference for Abbott's conservatism. As communications minister, Turnbull proposed an overhaul of the media ownership laws that would have permitted media companies to extend their geographic reach beyond 75 per cent and move into radio, television and newspapers. (They are currently restricted to two.) News Corp Australia opposed the changes because it does not include changes to the anti-siphoning rules, which are designed to keep important sporting programs on free-to-air television. This rule crimps the Murdoch and Telstra-owned pay TV service, Foxtel, which would no doubt use exclusive sport to lift subscriptions. 

Abbott parked Turnbull's media reforms and they have not seen the light of day. Will Turnbull now elevate them to a reform priority? 
 
 Illustration: David Rowe. 
  
2. Alan Jones – radio broadcaster 

Backtrack to June 5 last year when broadcaster Alan Jones lectured and harangued Turnbull over his loyalty on air. It was electrifying radio. It opened with Jones insisting Turnbull repeat an affirmation of loyalty to Abbott and went downhill from there. 

Jones: "You have no hope ever of being the leader. You've got to get that into your head. No hope ever. But because of that you're happy to throw a few bombs around that might blow up Abbott a bit." 

Turnbull : "Well that's what you're saying. And that is what Andrew Bolt is saying. And it is doing the Labor Party's work." 

Maybe time heals all wounds, but the conservative commentators – Jones especially – might have to eat a large piece of humble pie. Will Turnbull become the first leader who doesn't feel the need to tug the forelock to Jones? 

3. Barnaby Joyce and the Nationals 

Many senior Nationals deeply dislike Turnbull over the way he acted on carbon pricing when he was opposition leader in 2009, but none more so than Barnaby Joyce. One sees himself as the smartest guy in the room; the other is a clever bush politician. 

It was Joyce who declared in 2009, that Turnbull "is not my leader", after Turnbull revealed in an interview he had been duchessed by the ALP to join them. 

Immediately after the ballot this week Joyce held a late-night press conference to remind Turnbull that he should take account of his party's "key values". 

Expect some sparks between Joyce and Turnbull, particularly if Joyce replaces Warren Truss as leader in the future. 

4. Monarchists and conservatives 

The distrust of Turnbull runs particularly deep among monarchists, who are well represented among the conservative faction of the parliamentary Liberal Party. The Australian Republican Movement gave Turnbull his platform into public life. He then knocked off a leading monarchist, Peter King, who was in the way of his running for Wentworth. 

King later claimed in Parliament that Turnbull told him to "f--- off and get out of my way". 

Even though Turnbull has declared he's not about to reignite a debate over Australia becoming a republic, there are many who remember a brasher Turnbull, who was prepared to ridicule their stance of opposing the republic. 

5. The Packer camp 

Australia's scariest media mogul, Kerry Packer, has shuffled off his mortal coil and Canadian media mogul Conrad Black has lost his knighthood and fortune. But back in 1991 Packer was incandescent with rage at Turnbull for derailing the Tourang bid for Fairfax. Packer was forced to pull out after diary notes put together by Packer executive Trevor Kennedy were sent to the Australian Broadcasting Authority, recording that despite assurances, Packer planned to have a big say in how Fairfax was run. This would have put him in breach of the cross-media laws. 

"He told me he'd kill me, yeah," Turnbull said in a profile in 2009. 

"I didn't think he was completely serious, but I didn't think he was entirely joking either. Look, he could be pretty scary." 

We're assured that Kerry's son, James Packer, is on good terms with Turnbull these days and has even visited his home. But is this incident completely forgiven and forgotten?

AN Oxfordshire mother whose twins survived premature birth has backed a national Stand Up for Tiny Lives Campaign. 
 
Gail Laing's two girls, Sophie and Emily, are now 11 years old and are leading normal and healthy lives. 
 
At the time of their birth, Mrs Laing did not know premature birth was the single biggest cause of death among babies in this country. 
 
But she is now hoping people across Oxfordshire will support a call by the charity Action Medical Research for an independent inquiry into why some babies are born so early. 
 
The campaign, backed by leading scientists and researchers, aims to get support and funding for more research into premature births. It has already raised more than £3m. 
 
Mrs Laing, a former paediatrics specialist, and her husband Michael, an officer in the RAF, live with their children in Carterton. 
 
Sophie and Emily were born at Oxford's John Radcliffe Hospital, weighing just 3lb 13oz and 3lb 6oz. 
 
Mrs Laing said: "They were whisked straight away into special care and after 10 days recovery I went home without them, which felt weird. 
 
"My husband and I felt so very helpless. It was traumatic to see the girls in incubators with nasogastric tubes. 
 
"We couldn't do the normal things that you do with newborn babies. 
 
"They were too small to bath, finding clothes was a struggle and nappies were quite a hurdle too. 
 
"I don't think anyone who hasn't experienced premature birth could imagine how terrifying it is. 
 
"Our girls are now healthy, happy children who will soon be teenagers, but it could have been so different. We think we're extremely lucky." 
 
After their birth, the twins caused little developmental problems for husband and wife, but that is not always the case. 
 
There are about 50,000 babies a year born too soon in the UK and the Department of Health reports a lack of understanding about how to best to predict or prevent premature birth. 
 
Prof David Field, president-elect of the British Association of Perinatal Medicine, said: "We are currently unable to say which factors are most important in putting mums-to-be at risk of
premature birth. 
 
"This is seriously hampering our ability to develop good preventative strategies. 
 
"We need to understand more about the process of how premature birth begins and develops. Medical research can help us in this area." 
   
 Share article  
   
Anyone wanting to know more about the issue can visit the website www.standupfortinylives.org

Marshall Islands Foreign Minister Tony de Brum has slammed Immigration Minister Peter Dutton for joking that rising seas will swamp low-lying Pacific islands, inviting him to watch waves that pound his home and terrify his grandchildren. Marshall Islands Foreign Minister Tony de Brum has slammed Immigration Minister Peter Dutton for joking that rising seas will swamp low-lying Pacific islands, inviting him to watch waves that pound his home and terrify his grandchildren. The Marshalls, a series of coral atolls and islands, is highly vulnerable to climate change and has suffered devastating storm surges and drought in recent years.

On Friday Mr Dutton was that "time doesn't mean anything when you're about to ... have water lapping at your door", in reference to time delays during a Pacific leaders forum Mr Abbott attended this week.

Mr de Brum took to Twitter to denounce Mr Dutton, saying "insensitivity knows no bounds in the big polluting island down [south]".

"Next time waves are battering my home [and] my grandkids are scared, I'll ask Peter Dutton to come over, and we'll see if he is still laughing," he wrote, adding he was "dismayed" by the remarks.

He said the best way for Australia to "show it cares" is to bring a "proper" emissions reduction target to Paris climate talks later this year.

Australia has pledged to reduce emissions by 26 to 28 per cent by 2030, based on 2005 levels. Just days ago at a meeting of Pacific leaders, despite fears that the survival of island nations was threatened.

Both Mr Abbott and New Zealand Prime Minister John Key rejected pleas by smaller Pacific nations to go beyond a commitment to limiting the global temperature rise to 2 degrees.

Some Pacific leaders have criticised Australia for prioritising economic growth over the future of their people. The leaders The Marshalls are among five island nations to join calls for a global moratorium on new coalmines – an industry Mr Abbott has described as "good for humanity".

Mr Dutton refused to explain his remark on Friday, saying it was part of a private conversation with Mr Abbott.

Mr Dutton's joke came as the leaders waited for ethnic and community groups to settle in for a meeting about Syrian refugees.

The exchange was cut short when Social Services Minister Scott Morrison told Mr Abbott and Mr Dutton that a microphone was recording their conversation.

Mr Abbott said on Thursday he has a "very good story to tell" on climate change and Pacific leaders "should be reassured by the seriousness with which Australia is approaching this issue".

Pacific-based climate action advocates from the group 350.org have written to Mr Abbott, calling on him to apologise to Pacific nations and saying Mr Dutton should resign.

"For the Pacific, climate change is about survival. We find your government's inaction deeply disturbing and your colleague's disregard for our people deeply offensive," Papua New Guinea coordinator Arianne Kassman wrote.

Mr de Brum has previously warned that damage from climate extremes was already lashing his nation and crippling its ability to develop.

He said the Marshalls wanted to "practise what we preach" on halting climate change and would seek to reduce methane emissions from waste, cut diesel use and embrace more solar to meet its goals.

The president of Kiribati has labelled Mr Dutton as "morally irresponsible" for making a "vulgar" joke about the rising sea levels, the ABC reports.

Anote Tong said the minister should "search his own soul".

"What kind of a person is he? As long as there is this kind of attitude, this kind of arrogance in any position of leadership, we will continue to have a lot of tension," he told the ABC.

"I hope this doesn't reflect the deeper feelings ... about this issue because it's a serious issue for many people on this planet." The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

VANCOUVER , Sept. 25, 2015 /CNW/ - The following issues have been halted by IIROC: Company: Odyssey Resources Ltd. TSX-Venture Symbol: ODX.H Reason: At the Request of the Company Pending News Halt Time ...

Toronto Stock Exchange: TMC 

TORONTO, Sept. 21, 2015 /CNW/ - Timbercreek Mortgage Investment Corporation (the "Company") is pleased to announce that its board of directors (the "Board") has declared a monthly dividend of $0.06 per common share ("Common Share") of the Company to be paid on October 15, 2015 to holders of Common Shares of record on September 30, 2015. 

The Company also offers a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the "Plan"), which is eligible to holders of Common Shares and provides a convenient means to purchase additional Common Shares by reinvesting cash dividends at a potential discount, without having to pay commissions, service charges or brokerage fees. 

Pursuant to the Plan, and at the discretion of the Manager, Common Shares will be acquired in the open market at prevailing prices or issued from treasury at 95 percent of the average market price (the "Average Market Price") for the five trading day period ending on the third business day immediately prior to the dividend payment date (the "Trading Period"). 

Common Shares acquired under the Plan will be automatically enrolled in the Plan. Shareholders who hold their Common Shares through a broker, financial institution or other nominee must enroll for distribution reinvestment through their nominee holder. 

The full text of the Plan can be obtained on the Timbercreek website at http://www.timbercreekmic.com/investor-information/dividend-reinvestment-plan. 

About the Company 

The company provides investors with an opportunity to invest in a diversified portfolio of mortgages and loan investments originated and underwritten by the Timbercreek debt origination platform. The Company focuses on capital preservation and the generation of attractive, stable returns, allowing for the payment of monthly dividends to shareholders. 

SOURCE Timbercreek Mortgage Investment Corporation

Home Adidas adidas Tubular X Arrives In Three New ColorwaysAdidasSneakerhead Newsadidas Tubular X Arrives In Three New ColorwaysBy Ray P - Sep 14, 2015 0 SHAREFacebookTwitterTubular X season is here for adidas and they’re starting to really crank out the colorways. Three new tonal looks which include Red, White, and Wheat for the Fall have arrived at retailers such as Footlocker. Online availability is currently exclusive to Europe, but many US big chain retailers have started to stock the adidas Tubular X in these new colors. Take a preview below and check back on TSG as we’ll let you know when they hit adidas.com Which color of the adidas Tubular X is best? Share your thoughts in the comments below. TAGSAdidasadidas tubular x SHAREFacebookTwittertweet Previous articleDJ Khaled Shows Off "Perhaps Some Dinner Anyone" Air Jordan 1s in Hilarious Sneaker Shopping Interview
Ray P
Professionally sarcastic, but I also enjoy cameras, orange juice, & airheads. instagram/twitter: @rayp_photos
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
adidas Has All the Hype, but It’s Not Translating To Sales Right Now The Sweater Inspired Air Jordan 7 Just Got a Release Date Seattle Vibes on the Next Air Jordan 6 Low Release

Today's poem. Hearth 

I look into the small theatre of the fire

Where flames play something from a distant repertoire

And shape my loss. Someone has left an impression

From which a cast of words can nearly be taken;

Though words, the truth, and understanding aren't enough,

They're not nothing – footprints, definite hints of stuff.

Thought softens at the edges like roofs in a drift.

I hear these logs squealing, the lid on your rice lift.

I see the point of distraction, far-starred effect

Whose spark-propelled advice to get real I accept

Quickly, and then forget. Help me, warmth, constellate

The night with glowing notices. Weren't we both great?

Will Eaves

SOURCE Quaker State

Quaker State Promotes Hands-On Automotive Education with Select High Schools

HOUSTON 

"The Best in Class Challenge is an exciting opportunity for high school students, offering them the opportunity to learn and apply new techniques for automobile maintenance and care," said Gita Gidwani 

On September 14, 2015 

Quaker State has also teamed up with AutoZone to help set up each school with the tools for success. The top five schools will receive their vehicle from local car lots (valued at $3,000 

Quaker State has chosen two distinguished judges: Tommy Pike 

"Being able to judge the 'Best in Class Challenge' is a huge honor," said Tommy Pike 

Upon successful completion of the "Best in Class Challenge," all schools will be awarded a prize package from AutoZone that includes:

In addition, all five schools will receive a professional mechanics tool kit from AutoZone for their shop class to further learn about auto maintenance. All members of the winning auto shop team will be awarded the Grand Prize-a custom advertorial in Popular Mechanics to spread the word about their hard work and automotive skill.

The top three finalist teams will be given the chance to attend the Mecum Auction in Austin, Texas 

Quaker State makes it its mission to provide motorists with products that offer the value that they desire and expect. To stay up-to-date on the latest Quaker State activities, be sure to 'Like' the official Quaker State Facebook Page (https://www.facebook.com/quakerstate) and follow Quaker State on Twitter (https://twitter.com/quakerstate).

About Quaker State®

Quaker State® motor oil has an 80-year history as a leader in consumer automotive products and vehicle care. Quaker State is among the industry's most innovative motor oil brands and offers a full line of products to meet every type of vehicle engine need. Quaker State is one of the first brands to develop high mileage engine motor oil.

For more information about the full line of Quaker State products, visit www.quakerstate.com.

About Shell Lubricants

The term 'Shell Lubricants' collectively refers to the companies of Royal Dutch Shell 

aKline & Company, "Global Lubricants Industry 2012: Market Analysis and Assessment."

About AutoZone

As of May 9, 2015 

AutoZone is the leading retailer and a leading distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the United States 

About Popular Mechanics

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/quaker-state-introduces-best-in-class-challenge-for-high-school-auto-shop-students-300142243.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

The latest episode of The Mayor Hull Show is now available. 

In the episode, Mayor Gregg Hull interviews Max Wade of Galloping Grace Youth Ranch about the ranch's 2015 Pumpkin Patch. 

The Pumpkin Patch begins Saturday and runs through Oct. 31. It is located just southwest of the Santa Ana Star Center, 3001 Civic Center Circle. 
 
To learn more about Galloping Grace Youth Ranch and the Pumpkin Patch, visit http://www.ggyr.org/ . 

The Mayor Hull Show can be seen on: 

• The city YouTube Channel, http://goo.gl/fliL8o 
 
• The city website, rrnm.gov/mayorhullshow 

• Daily at 7 a.m., 5:30 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. on Rio Vision (government cable channel 15) which is available to Rio Rancho residents who are Cable One subscribers.

The Japanese humanoid robot Pepper, which sold out of its first 1,000 units in one minute in Japan this June, will get a personality makeover for the US market: it’ll go from cute and bubbly to snarky and sarcastic, MIT Technology Review reports.
Editor Will Knight met a Pepper unit in Boston this week, and reported back some very distinct changes in the robot’s personality designed to make it more appealing to Americans: High fives instead of bows; smartass swipes instead of songs. In the MIT report, Knight said he asked an Americanized Pepper if it’s like Terminator, to which it responded: “Do I really have to answer that?” Pepper is a robot that’s designed to recognize human emotions, and is supposed to read social situations so it can interact with you like a person can. And since people already ask Siri questions that get sassy comebacks, Pepper’s gotta be ready. Advertisement “In the U.S., we have this kind of C-3PO idea, where he’s kind of snarky and kind of smart,” Alia Pyros, international communications manager of Aldebaran Robotics, told Knight. Aldebaran is the French robotics company that made Pepper, while Japanese telecom giant SoftBank bankrolled (and now owns) the robot. In Japan, “kawaii” (cute) culture is pervasive, from the menagerie of local government mascots to Pokémon occasionally plastered on the jets of major Japanese airlines. Pepper’s demeanor fits with that market: super polite and giggly, which might go over like a lead balloon with some Americans. Why is this important? Because it shows that robot “personalities” will be programmed to fit into whatever culture or market they’re functioning in. Or maybe someday, a talking, interactive robot could code switch on the fly, tweaking its personality (and of course, language) to better coexist with its mammalian counterparts. So far, Pepper’s making waves in the robotics scene. Earlier this month, a drunk dude in Yokohama apparently got pissed at a SoftBank shop employee and kicked a Pepper on the scene, damaging it. SoftBank also reminded customers that Peppers aren’t to be used for you, uh, licentious needs. Pepper costs around $1,600, plus monthly subscription fees that cover software updates and regular maintenance. It’ll make its wise-crackin’ Western debut sometime next year. [MIT Technology Review] Image credit: AP

 
MURDER OF AN OPEN BOOK A Scrumble River Mystery BY DENISE SWANSON ABOUT THE BOOK: New York Times Bestselling Scumble River Series A nasty faculty feud leaves one Scumble River teacher belly-up. . . . Her honeymoon may have been less than relaxing, but Skye Boyd née Denison is still high on marital bliss with her new husband, Wally. The fact that their family is about to get bigger is even more exciting, even if Skye is dealing with morning sickness—and trying to hide the news from her ever-meddling mother, May. But Skye quickly comes crashing down from cloud nine when the body of one of her coworkers, science teacher and volleyball coach Blair Hucksford, is found in the school swimming pool. The troublesome trainer was on the bad side of almost everyone on staff and many of the girls on her team, leaving Skye to sort through a huge roster of suspects. Now she must figure out which wronged party was mad enough to kill, and quickly—before someone else in town gets bumped off. . . . ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Denise Swanson has worked as a school psychologist for 17 years. She lives in Illinois with her husband, Dave, and their cool black cat, Boomerang. For more information, visit her website at www.deniseswanson.com.  
SOME OTHER BOOKS BY DENISE SWANSON:
GIVEAWAY THANKS TO KAYLEIGH AND THE GOOD FOLKS AT OBSIDIAN AND PENGUIN
BOOKS, I HAVE ONE COPY OF MURDER OF AN OPEN BOOK
TO GIVE AWAY TO A LUCKY READER  
--U.S. RESIDENTS ONLY 
--NO P. O. BOXES
---INCLUDE YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS
IN CASE YOU WIN!
--ALL COMMENTS MUST BE SEPARATE TO 
COUNT AS MORE THAN ONE!
 
HOW TO ENTER: +1 ENTRY: COMMENT ON WHAT YOU READ ABOVE ABOUT MURDER OF AN OPEN BOOK THAT MADE YOU WANT TO WIN THIS BOOK, AND DON'T FORGET YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS
+1 MORE ENTRY: BLOG AND/OR TWEET ABOUT THIS GIVEAWAY AND COME BACK HERE AND LEAVE ME YOUR LINK +1 MORE ENTRY: COMMENT ON SOMETHING YOU FIND INTERESTING AT DENISE SWANSON'S WEBSITE HERE 
+1 MORE ENTRY: COMMENT ON ONE WAY YOU FOLLOW MY BLOG. IF YOU FOLLOW MORE THAN ONE WAY, YOU CAN COMMENT SEPARATELY AND EACH WILL COUNT AS AN ENTRY
+1 MORE ENTRY: COMMENT ON A CURRENT GIVEAWAY THAT YOU HAVE ENTERED ON MY BLOG. IF YOU ENTERED MORE THAN ONE, YOU MAY COMMENT SEPARATELY FOR EACH TO RECEIVE MORE ENTRIES GIVEAWAY ENDS AT
6 PM, EST, SEPTEMBER 30   GOOD LUCK!

Dan Murphy, ESPN Staff Writer CloseCovers the Big TenJoined ESPN.com in 2014Graduate of the University of Notre Dame
Follow on Twitter0 Shares
EmailPrint
Comment
ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- Michigan running back De'Veon Smith pounded Oregon State’s defense into submission in a 35-7 win in Jim Harbaugh’s first game as a coach at Michigan Stadium.
The battering-ram offense that Harbaugh employed with well-documented success at previous stops with Stanford and the San Francisco 49ers looked alive and well in the Wolverines' first home game of the year. Smith ran for 126 yards and three touchdowns, leaving a trail of Beavers defenders in his wake and on their backs for much of the second half.De'Veon Smith ran away with the game, putting Michigan up for good in the second quarter with two TDs. Rick Osentoski/USA TODAY Sports
The Michigan defense did its part in trying to establish an old-school identity for Harbaugh’s program. Led by Chris Wormley's three tackles for loss, the group overcame a troublesome start to hold the Beavers scoreless for the final 58 minutes of the game.
Oregon State marched 79 yards for a touchdown on the game’s opening drive and raised trepidation levels at the Big House even higher after forcing a fumble two plays later. Michigan settled down and held the Beavers to 138 yards for the rest of the game and only 4 in the second half.
In his first road start, true freshman Seth Collins got off on a great foot, completing eight of his first 10 passes and contributing 75 all-purpose yards in the first quarter. His performance tapered off in the second half and he ended 9-of-16 passing for 79 yards and added 28 rushing yards.
What the win means for Michigan: The Harbaugh era in Ann Arbor begins with a reason to celebrate. After a rocky start, the Wolverines controlled most of the game. Winning the games they’re supposed to win is a good start for the reclamation project at the Big House.
What the loss means for Oregon State: The Beavers’ offense has work to do with a pair of rookie quarterbacks leading the way. They’ll get one more week to work out some kinks against San Jose State before launching into the Pac-12 schedule.
The game turned when: An illegal formation penalty cost the Beavers 96 yards of field position. Oregon State punter Nick Porebski's perfect coffin corner kick pinned the Wolverines at their own 2-yard line with less than two minutes to play in the first half, but an illegal formation forced a rekick. This time, the snap sailed well over Porebski's head. By the time he tracked it down, Michigan’s defense swarmed him at the Beavers’ 2-yard line. Smith punched in a 1-yard score a few plays later, and the Wolverines extended their lead to 17-7 right before the half.
Stat of the game: Oregon State picked up one first down in the second half of the game. A penalty on Michigan captain Joe Bolden gave the Beavers a first down on the first play of the third quarter. After that, Oregon State ran only 15 plays and held the ball for less than eight minutes of game clock. Michigan ran 43 plays in the second half.

Dragon’s Dogma is one of the most criminally underrated action games of the last few years, but it’s getting a second chance at life on PC, with Capcom stealthily announcing that Dragon’s Dogma: Dark Arisen is coming this January. Dark Arisen was originally an expansion, but it also included everything that came with Dragon’s Dogma. The PC version, naturally, is getting full Steam support, in addition to higher-resolution visuals and “improved fidelity.” Advertisement I cannot wait to play Dragon’s Dogma again! You can reach the author of this post at patrick.klepek@kotaku.com or on Twitter at @patrickklepek.

Whether or not you are in school or have kids in school, there is something about autumn that makes people want to regroup and get a fresh start on any and all projects. Much like the beginning of the calendar year, September feels like a clean slate. So offer tips to encourage productivity and help your readers re-approach their writing projects. 
Here are some other ideas of what to blog about in September.
Plus:
September Holidays: September is National Courtesy Month, Self Improvement Month and Classical Music Month. September 13 is Positive Thinking Day (challenge you readers to think positive all day long), September September 19 is International Talk Like A Pirate Day (you've probably seen goofy promotions on social media. Be creative and see if there's a way to tie it into your business), and September 28 is Ask a Stupid Question Day (no question is too stupid. Ask questions of your readers and encourage them to ask them of others).
September Food Holidays: September is National Breakfast Month, National Waffle Week is the second week of the month, and National Pancake Day is September 26. Plus, Drink Beer Day is September 28 and National Coffee Day is September 29. Love it! Writers can relate to all things food and drink, but there's something about coffee and alcohol (and the fact that they are a day apart) may inspire some creative posts..
Bonus: Fiction writers, send your characters to school. If they are the right age, send them to a new school and see how they interact with their classmates. If not, send a character to teach for the day (substitute!) or have a character take or teach a continuing education class or workshop. Another option is to send them back to school. Put a character in as much of a fish out of water scenario as you can concoct and see how they handle it. It may lead to creative scenes you can incorporate into current work or just be a character-building (pun intended) exercise to see how much your characters can handle.
*** Debra Eckerling is the author of Purple Pencil Adventures: Writing Prompts for Kids of All Ages. She's a writer, editor and project catalyst, as well as founder of Guided Goals and Write On Online, a live and online writers’ support group. She is an editor at Social Media Examiner. Debra is also a speaker/moderator on the subjects of writing, networking, goal-setting, and social media.

Days before a stop in Cuba on his way to the United States, Pope Francis on Thursday told young people from both countries that government heads who fail to plant the seeds of future leadership are "worthless ... dictators." 
 
Francis, who was elected in 2013, has been credited for being the chief advocate for renewing diplomatic ties between Washington and Havana. 

The Pope on Thursday responded from the Vatican to questions from students in Havana and New York during a CNN en Español teleconference on his Scholas initiative, which seeks to bring young people together via sports, art and technology. The event was held in partnership with the United Nations Children's Fund. 

Asked by a Cuban student about the example of his leadership, Francis said, "I will tell you one thing, a good leader is one who is capable of bringing up other leaders. If a leader wants to lead alone, he is a tyrant. True leadership is fruitful. Each one of you has the seed of leadership." 

He added, "The leaders of today will not be here tomorrow. If they do not plant the seed of leadership in others, they are worthless. They are dictators." 

Francis, the first pope from Latin America, earned praise from both U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro for helping restart relations between the neighboring countries. 

In July, the two countries reopened embassies in Havana and Washington. 

Pope Francis' whirlwind tour to Cuba and the United States begins Saturday, when he arrives in Havana for a trip that includes mass at Revolution Square, a meeting with government officials and a visit to the Shrine of Our Lady of Charity del Cobre, the island's patron saint. 

The Pope will be the third consecutive leader of the Roman Catholic Church to visit Cuba. St. John Paul II stopped there for several days in 1998, and Pope Benedict XVI visited for three days in 2012. 

Relations between the Vatican and Cuba, strained during the 49-year rule of communist dictator Fidel Castro, have improved since the younger Castro replaced his sickly brother as president. 

Cuba was officially atheist from 1962-1992, and an annual State Department report issued last year said religious activity there is only allowed "if explicitly authorized" by the government. The Catholic Church estimates between 60% and 70% of Cubans are baptized. 

Another Cuban student Friday urged the Pope to remember the poor and marginalized and to pray for a lifting of the longstanding U.S. embargo against Cuba. 

Francis said he would do "all that is possible" to "build bridges" and foster communication leading to friendship. 

Previous popes, such as St. John Paul II, who was raised in communist Poland, had little love for totalitarian states but believed that sanctions impoverished ordinary Cubans and isolated a government that might be won over through careful diplomacy.

LAHORE: Federal Commerce Minister Khurram Dastgir announced on Tuesday that he is approving Rs7.5 million for the 33rd International Pakistan Hand Knotted Carpets Exhibition to be held here from October 6 to 9. 

He was speaking at a meeting with a delegation of the Pakistan Carpet Manufacturers and Exporters Association (PCMEA). 

The minister noted that due to the absence of incentives, the political instability and the energy shortage, the export of Pakistan-made carpets fell from $300 million to $120 million in the past half-a-decade. 

He said that the government is determined to facilitate the hand-knotted carpet industry, resolving issues ranging from infrastructural shortcomings to the need for skill and product development and of research to enhance the country’s trade volume.

HAMPTON, N.J., Sept. 30, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Bellerophon Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:BLPH), a clinical-stage biotherapeutics company, announced that an oral presentation of late-breaking data from a clinical trial sponsored by the Company was presented today at the European Respiratory Society (ERS) International Congress 2015 in Amsterdam. The data showed that INOpulse® 

In the trial, 6 subjects (3 male and 3 female between the ages of 65-79) with pulmonary hypertension associated with COPD on long-term oxygen therapy were given an acute dose of INOpulse inhaled nitric oxide. Following treatment, the subjects underwent functional respiratory imaging to determine the geometry of their lungs, airway and pulmonary vascular structures.

In all of the subjects, administration of inhaled nitric oxide resulted in increased blood volume in the blood vessels in the lungs while also preserving oxygen saturation following treatment. Anecdotally, all patients in the trial reported having felt better following the treatment.

Jonathan Peacock, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bellerophon Therapeutics, stated, "We continue to be encouraged by the progress we are making in the development of INOpulse as a potential treatment for pulmonary hypertension. This late-breaker session at the ERS Congress builds on earlier studies indicating that INOpulse has the potential to reduce pulmonary hypertension in COPD patients. In the next several months, we plan to test the effect of reducing pulmonary hypertension on exercise capacity for these patients."

About Pulmonary Hypertension 

Pulmonary hypertension is a rare lung disorder in which the arteries that carry blood from the heart to the lungs become narrowed, making it difficult for blood to flow through the vessels. As a result, the blood pressure in these arteries -- called pulmonary arteries -- rises far above normal levels. This abnormally high pressure strains the right ventricle of the heart, causing it to expand in size. Overworked and enlarged, the right ventricle gradually becomes weaker and loses its ability to pump enough blood to the lungs. This could lead to the development of right heart failure.

About Bellerophon 

Bellerophon Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biotherapeutics company focused on developing innovative therapies at the intersection of drugs and devices that address significant unmet medical needs in the treatment of cardiopulmonary and cardiac diseases. The Company is currently developing two product candidates under its INOpulse® program, a proprietary pulsatile nitric oxide delivery device. The first is for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), for which the Company intends to commence Phase 3 clinical trials in 2015, and the other for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (PH-COPD), which is in Phase 2 development. The Company's plans also call for the completion of further work on the use of INOpulse to treat pulmonary hypertension associated with COPD and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis during 2016. Additionally, management is reviewing alternative paths forward for its Bioabsorbable Cardiac Matrix program. For more information, please visit www.bellerophon.com.

Forward-looking Statements 

Any statements in this press release about Bellerophon's future expectations, plans and prospects, including statements about the clinical development of its product candidates and other statements containing the words "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "target," "would," and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including: the uncertainties inherent in the initiation of future clinical trials, availability and timing of data from ongoing and future clinical trials and the results of such trials, whether preliminary or interim results from a clinical trial will be predictive of the final results of that trial or whether results of early clinical trials will be indicative of the results of later clinical trials, and other factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of the Company's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, any forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Bellerophon's views only as of the date of this release and should not be relied upon as representing the Company's views as of any subsequent date. The Company specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements included in this press release.

 Update Foto, gk update status... :-D       Facebook           Juan Speed Capalera added a new photo.September 27 at 5:48pmView    Like   Comment   Share          Open Facebook        This message was sent to triastutikartika@gmail.com. If you don't want to receive these emails from Facebook in the future, please unsubscribe.
Facebook, Inc., Attention: Department 415, PO Box 10005, Palo Alto, CA 94303     Kirimkan Ini lewat Email BlogThis! Berbagi ke Twitter Berbagi ke Facebook

The Nigerian Army on Thursday called on personnel to conduct themselves in a professional manner while carrying out assignments

Maj-Gen Ibrahim Attahiru the General Officer Commanding 82 Division Enugu made the call while addressing Officers and Soldiers of 2 Brigade of the Army in Port Harcourt

He said that professional conduct of personnel would improve the army’s productivity in its operations in the North-East and Niger Delta

“The vision of the army is hinged on professionalism and responsiveness of which troops are expected to conduct themselves expertly in their day-to-day activities

“Officers and soldiers must remain professional disciplined and committed to their job of safeguarding the nation against local and international security threats”

Attahiru said that efforts were ongoing to deal with daily challenges faced by personnel at the barracks and during operations

Meanwhile the army on Thursday destroyed four tankers transporting suspected crude oil and Automated Gasoline Oil AGO popularly called diesel at Alesa-Eleme local government area of Rivers

Brig-Gen Stevenson Olabanji the Commander of 2 Brigade of the Army in Port Harcourt said troops also set ablaze 531000 litres of diesel and 132000 litres of crude oil

Olabanji represented by Lt-Col Timothy Opurum Commanding Officer of the Brigades garrison said“items destroyed by our operatives during two weeks of operation included 16 buses and cars 15 tanker trucks and seven speed boats

“Other equipment destroyed during this period were 21 wooden barges over 10000 drums containing diesel and two steel barges”

Olabanji said the operations were carried out in Okirika Eleme and Oyibo local government areas of Rivers

He said that 13 suspects were arrested during the operations adding the operation would continue until all illegal bunkering activities were eradicated NAN

The post appeared first on Nigerian News from Leadership News

The New York licensing process for virtual currency companies is stoking fears that firms which do apply could inadvertently open themselves up to prosecution.

Dell on Thursday expanded its networking efforts to better target corporate campuses and various end points.
Read this Next-generation networks: An overview The new enterprise IT landscape of cloud services, mobility and BYOD, social media usage and big data analytics creates very different types of network traffic to the traditional mix of in-house client-server enterprise workloads. How will networks evolve to keep pace? Read More The company launched a new switch and access node to go along with an architecture designed to better link remote locations with the data center. Specifically, Dell launched the C9010 Network Director switch and C1048P Rapid Access Node. Dell also rolled out the S6100-ON system for the data center. For Dell, networking is a growth market even though it is competing with much larger players. Like most data center players, Dell is positioning for a converged infrastructure reality in the data center. Among the key points:Dell's C9010 Network Director is designed for mid- to large-enterprise campus environments. The switch includes software defined tools and can be integrated with Dell's N-series gear, which can be deployed as access nodes.C9010 Network Director can support up to 4,000 virtual ports and supports 10Gb and 40Gb Ethernet with an upgrade to 100Gb in the future.The C1048 Rapid Access Node can be deployed stand-alone or stacked. The node is designed to give the C9010 more throughput. The node and the network director will be available in October.Dell's S6100-ON rack switch can handle port speeds from 10Gb to 100Gb Ethernet and is designed for big data, cloud and virtualization deployments. The switch will be available in the first quarter of 2016.

  
 
Canbit Music artiste, Rasheed, drops the visuals to his single “Olorun Loye” which is translated from the Yoruba dialect as “God Understands“. 
 
The video depicts the struggles encountered by a person who has gone through so much to make a headway in life but keeps meeting a brick wall. 
 
Such person has ended up surrendering all to God with the notion that God understands his struggles and is hopeful that in no time the light at the end of the tunnel will glow. Directed by Papiruex 
 
ENJOY! 
 
  
 
Click here to view the embedded video. 
 
The post VIDEO: Rasheed – Olorun Loye appeared first on 360Nobs.com .

The original London cast of Dogfight, Pasek and Paul's 2012 musical based on the 1991 film of the same name, is to be reunited at the St James Theatre in a concert staging that will be given two performances Oct. 11. It originally ran in London at Southwark Playhouse in August and September…

When Lightening Strikes.Via Sheri Gaynoron Sep 22, 2015	My sentinels—our communal horses—were restless, pacing the pasture side-by-side, stopping every so often, ears forward, heads high, to look northeast, toward the mountains in the far distance. Here in Northern California, we’d had a stretch of triple digit temperatures, with no relief in sight. Last Saturday by late afternoon the air was hot, dry and charged with static, and a strange wild, wind kicked up out of nowhere. The fire energy was palpable. The next day we got the news: Lake County was burning and it was bad. As the reports come in of the enormous devastation, I’ve felt completely helpless. Lost houses, lost lives, lost pets. Desperate pleas on Facebook posts with photos and telephone numbers, seeking word of loved ones, animals and any updates about homes and neighborhoods. Today I was finally able to help in some small way by delivering much needed supplies for horses and livestock to the Fairgrounds. What I witnessed stunned me. What you’re not seeing in the media reports are the hundreds of tents that are currently set up outside the Napa Fairgrounds, housing families and animals of all kinds. Think mini-Katrina with livestock and assorted four-leggeds. As someone who survived a fire evacuation in 1994 in Colorado, the Storm King Fire, one worst fires in history, the one that apparently, “wrote the manual” for firefighting going forward—14 firefighters lost their lives, trying to save our community—I understand first hand what it feels like to wonder if you have seen the last of your home, your pets and your possessions. The words anxiety and grief don’t cover it. I was living in a log cabin surrounded by BLM wilderness, when fire season started that summer—an annual and inevitable event. I made a list of things I would take with me in case a fire broke out. I don’t know why I did that; I’d never done it before. I set it on my desktop, so I wouldn’t have to “think” about it if the time came. When it came down to it, there were only five things on that list, all of them deeply personal and of enormous sentimental value. It’s interesting when it comes right down to it what’s important to us, really. Shortly after writing the list, I left Colorado to attend my grandmother’s funeral in Florida. It was literally during her ceremony when the phone started vibrating off the hook. My heart started to pound; I knew something was terribly wrong. The phone rang again, I looked down and saw my husband’s number, I left the funeral parlor and walked outside, relieved to know he was alive, “I don’t want you to worry, I’m fine and I have the dog, the fire has exploded, we’ve been evacuated, I took what I could.” The words hit me like a Mac truck. It started from a lightening strike, initially burning only three acres. When it touched down, it found exactly what it needed to grow and spread. By the time it overran the fire line jumping the highway and the riverbed, it had trapped and killed 14 courageous men and women and engulfed one side of our town. It was 4 days after that initial strike that the fire began climbing the hillside behind our home. As he sat in his truck out of harms way, on the other side of town, my husband described orange-red flames shooting 100 feet in the air licking the top of the ridgeline, above our home. That’s the trouble with fire. It doesn’t stay put. It’s a moving target and the laws of nature will take it where it wants to go. I still have no idea how those men and women stopped that fire where they did. When I returned home to see the fires path and the charred remains of homes, trees and the land, it seemed nothing short of a miracle. There are really no words that can accurately describe the feelings of gratitude I have for those who put their lives on the line every day in this way. We were lucky that year, “spared,” we were told, but somehow, you don’t feel that way, when you carry in your heart the weight of 14 lives and so many others—friends and neighbors—who weren’t as “fortunate.” As I drove home after dropping off the donations, I had time to process what I witnessed at the Fairgrounds, Revisiting the tents, tarps and mountains of donated clothing, in my minds eye, it hit me again: life can change in an instant. And then last night the rains came. On any other day it would have been cause for huge celebration. The water so critically needed, yet under the circumstances so brutal and unfair. These folks have been through so much, they didn’t need to spend a cold, wet night outside. It’s not a small thing to become homeless overnight and lose everything you’ve treasured, your livelihood…and your beloved pets. This is the definition of trauma.
As I head back to the fairgrounds to offer support, I am counting my blessings and grappling with the duality of life. Survivor’s guilt is a heavy burden.     If you feel called to help in any way here are a few credible ways to do so:   Local Donations Directly to the Cause Redwood Credit Union Emergency Evacuation Resources for Lake County Red Cross/Santa Rosa Chapter       Author: Sheri Gaynor Editor: Renée Picard Image: Wiki Commons      Daily Wake-Up Call NewsletterGet elephant's Daily Wake Up Call: a gap for inspiration & meaning in the inbox of your mindIncorrect source, offensive, or found a typo? Email us (please put title in subject bar of email so we'll be able to fix). Or do you want to write for Elephant?
About Sheri Gaynor	Sheri Gaynor LCSW is a Registered Expressive Arts Therapist, a transformational life coach and the internationally respected author of “Creative Awakenings: Envisioning the Life of Your Dreams Through Art.” I’m a bit of a rebel and as such, not very good at staying in the lines and enjoy inspiring others to do the same. I am a weaver of dreams and spread seeds of magic, because I know that with intention and action, dreams really do come true. Nature and animals are my sanctuary and it’s where I spend my down time…and a lot of my work days too. TwitterFacebook3 views	Hitting your daily limit?Sign up today and read as much Elephant as you like!Elephant offers 3 free articles a day, every day. If you want more, a membership with Elephant Journal is only $13 per year—about a buck a month, less than the price of a coffee—to help independent media grow and enables us to pay our editors and writers. What can you get today for $13 that lasts a whole year? Join the community.

Fire alarm in the hallway at half two.
School.
Mosigra.
School. Wet pants, toilet seat malfunction.
Children's clinic, allergist. Exemption to the flue vaccination.
Home.
School.

I ’ve seen this movie before. And for the last 25 years, I thought I’d never have to watch it again. But now it’s playing, not in theaters, but all over mainstream media, with something like rave reviews from the president and his administration. 
 
The theme of the movie is that there is an epidemic of racist white policemen, gunning down innocent black people. The movie’s message, implicit but unambiguous, is that the police must be restrained from vigorous enforcement of the law. 
 
That was the message of the Black Power movement half a century ago, and it is the message of the Black Lives Matter movement today. 
 
Consider the BLM demands. Some are anodyne. Who is against “better training for police officers”? We already have independent (usually elected) prosecutors. The law already “limit(s) the use of force by police.” 
 
But the most important BLM demand is the first: “End ‘broken windows’ policing.” The evidence is that this is already happening — at the cost of black lives. 
 
Even the New York Times has noticed. So far this year, murders are up 76 percent in Milwaukee, 60 percent in St. Louis, 56 percent in Baltimore, and 44 percent in Washington, D.C. 
 
While murders are up, arrests are down. There is, as Manhattan Institute scholar Heather Mac Donald writes, a “reluctance to act [that] is affecting police departments across the country, as virtually every tool in an officer’s tool chest — from traffic stops to public-order maintenance — is vilified as racist.” 
 The message of the Black Power movement half a century ago . . . is the message of the Black Lives Matter movement today.  
In Baltimore, the death of Freddie Gray after slipping into a coma in a police van in April inspired mass protests and apparently prompted police to abandon active patrolling; arrests suddenly plunged 60 percent below 2014 rates. There were 58 murders in Baltimore up to April 15 this year, up from 49. From April 16 to August 23, there were 157 murders in the city, up from 88 in 2014, with 45 murders in July alone. Almost all of the victims were black. 
 
Those insisting that “black lives matter” — and shouting down politicians such as former Baltimore Mayor Martin O’Malley for saying “all lives matter” — are apparently unfazed by this shocking increase in black deaths. 
 
Some BLM activists go farther, calling for murder of police. Some wear shirts with the words “Assata taught me” — a reference to the woman, now a fugitive in Cuba, convicted in 1977 of murdering a New Jersey state trooper. 
 
BLM activists marching outside the Minnesota State Fair chanted, “Pigs in a blanket. Fry ’em like bacon.” That was a day after the Democratic National Committee, meeting in Minneapolis, approved a resolution “condemning extrajudicial killings and affirming black lives matter” and hailing “a generation of young African-Americans who feel totally dismissed and unheard as they are crushed between unlawful street violence and unjust police violence.” 
 
“We need to start killing these officers,” shouted a crowd as police arrested a violent woman in Madison, Wisconsin — an ultraliberal university town where, incidentally, blacks are arrested at ten times the rate of whites. 
 
Across the country some people seem to be acting on that advice. Last December, after the protests of the death in custody of a man on Staten Island, two New York Police Department officers were shot and killed in Brooklyn. On August 2, a policeman was killed during a routine traffic stop in Memphis. On August 29, a sheriff’s deputy was gunned down in Houston. On August 31, a police officer was killed in Fox Lake, Illinois. 
 
No wonder a Rasmussen poll conducted on August 31 and September 1 found that 58 percent of Americans think there is a “war on police” today. 
 
This violence has evoked little response from Barack Obama, who weighed in unnecessarily on the arrest of scholar Henry Louis Gates in July 2009 and the death of Trayvon Martin in March 2012. In August 2014 he said that the death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri — after he robbed a convenience store and charged a policeman — “awakened our nation” to a reality blacks already understood, all of which sounds like the BLM narrative. 
 
The tragedy is that the “broken windows” policing BLM decries has saved thousands of black lives. From 1990 to 2014, murders declined from 2,262 to 333 in New York, from 987 to 251 in Los Angeles, from 943 to 413 in Chicago. 
 
Now they’re up again. I’ve seen that movie before, when violent crime tripled between 1965 and 1975. I hope its ends differently this time. 
 
— Michael Barone is senior political analyst for the Washington Examiner . © 2015 the Washington Examiner. Distributed by Creators.com

Girls Names have succeeded in their attempt to slowly reinvent themselves into a band that mean serious business. But have they become a parody of themselves in the process?

 This Gillette black tip double edge safety razor is in Good Clean Working Condition.    Markings - GILLETTE  W-4  MADE IN U.S.A.  REG.  US  PAT. OFF     Shipping = FREE Click here to buy on eBay!

Created: 09/20/2015 11:53 PM 
							 
By: 
						 
 
MIDDLETOWN, Calif. (AP) — California fire officials said a wildfire north of San Francisco destroyed another 162 homes, raising the number of homes destroyed to 1,050 and making it the third worst wildfire in the state's history. 
 
The tally announced on Sunday brought the total number of homes destroyed in two wildfires burning in Northern California to nearly 1,600, the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said. Those fires killed five people, and on Sunday authorities announced that a body was found in the ashes of a wildfire in Monterey County that destroyed or damaged 10 homes. 
 
Firefighters found the man's body inside a charred vehicle after the fire began Saturday near the community of Jamesburg. Investigators were investigating his death as a possible suicide, Monterey County Sheriff's spokesman John Thornburg said. 
 
A firefighter lost his home while battling the blaze, the Santa Cruz Sentinel reported. 
 
"I was out fighting the fire on the other end, and then my whole place burned down," Bob Eaton, a volunteer firefighter with the Cachagua Fire Protection District, told the newspaper. "My parent's house, right below me, it burned down. And my neighbors up on top, their place is burned down." 
 
Eaton said firefighters' quick response to the blaze wasn't enough to save some of the homes. "It just went so damn fast," he said of the spread of the fire. 
 
The blaze was one of 10 active wildfires Sunday, most of them in Northern California that continue to threaten thousand more homes. 
 
Damage-assessment teams have counted 1,050 homes burned in Lake County, many of them in the town of Middletown, CalFire spokesman Daniel Berlant said. 
 
The teams have completed about 80 percent of damage assessment, focusing largely on homes, Berlant said. They have not determined how many additional structures, such as sheds, barns and other outbuildings, were destroyed. 
 
The fire, which killed at least three people and charred 118 square miles was 69 percent contained. About 6,500 homes remained threatened by the fire, considered the third worst fire in California history based on total structures burned. A 1991 fire in the Oakland Hills ranks as California's deadliest fire and its worst in the number of homes destroyed. 
 
Meanwhile, another 545 homes were destroyed by a separate blaze that killed at least two people and that has burned 110 square miles in the Sierra Nevada foothills. That blaze was 72 percent contained Sunday. Even though it continued to threaten thousands of structures, all evacuation orders were lifted. 
 
(

SOURCE www.aciassociation.com

NEW YORK 

ACI Association has initiated research coverage on Solera Holdings Inc. (NYSE: SLH). Select highlights from the internally released reports are being made available to the general public (included below), with access to the entirety of the research available to new members.

Today, membership is open to readers on a complementary basis at the following URL: http://www.aciassociation.com/?c=SLH

Highlights from our SLH Report include:

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

By Tiernan Ray
Shares of Hewlett-Packard (HPQ) are up $1.25, or almost 5%, at $28.37, after the company yesterday laid out for analysts details of its road ahead as two separate companies when it splits come November. CEO Meg Whitman took to the airwaves this morning to talk with David Faber of CNBC, who asked Whitman first about the eye-popping headline from last night, the company’s disclosure it will cut as many as 30,000 jobs from the Enterprise unit as it splits. When Faber asked why, Whitman remarked, It’s remarkable what’s happening to our services business as new technologies come in, we have to restructure that labor force to low-cost locations and much more automation than we have today […] These cuts are never easy but it’s the right thing to do because we have to now get to the next phase of the hp journey. If you think about the cuts over the last four years they were mostly to help us get a cost structure that was in line with the revenue trajectory. We’re now saying that revenues will grow next year in constant currency. So this now can be about margin expansion. That’s now got to be part of the story. With HP splitting into an Enterprise business focused on networking and other gear, on the one hand, and a PC and Printer business, HP Inc., analysts this morning seem most skeptical of the former. It seems easier for some to believe the cash-flow and dividend story of HP Inc. than to believe that Enterprise can be a contender versus Cisco Systems (CSCO) and other existing enterprise entities. Overall, analysts seem a little skeptical of projections and assume that the story will require “patience” to follow. UBS’s Steve Milunovich, who has a Buy rating on the stock and a $36 price target, writes that “patience is required,” because the outlook for 2016 was “disappointing.” Our conclusions from the company’s analysts’ meeting are the expected F16 combined EPS range of $3.52-3.72 is a bit lower than our $3.70 estimate but about flat from F15 and roughly as expected; F16 combined FCF of $4.5-5.0bn is below our $5.5bn view due to currency and charges, but normalized FCF of almost $7bn is on our estimate and should get investor attention. HP Enterprise may not be as attractive as HP Inc., ultimately, he writes: We believe HPE could notch low single-digit revenue growth over time with slightly faster profit gains as the mix shifts from lower-margin servers to storage and services. Our confidence in Enterprise Services growing in F17 with a 7-9% op margin is enhanced by improved win rates and less customer concentration. However, we were not impressed by HP’s cloud discussion or claim of being uniquely positioned to help customers. HPE EPS was guided slightly up in F16 to $1.85-1.95 (see bridge on p.4), with FCF of $2.0-2.2bn hurt by more restructuring cash use. HPE will have net cash but be selective in M&A, indicating it could partner often. Almost 80% of HPI profit is from printers. F16 EPS should decline to the $1.67-1.77 range with currency, dis-synergies, and investments only partly offset by productivity gains. The next couple quarters look difficult, with earnings second-half loaded. However, HPI will pay $865mn of dividends in F16 for about a 3% yield, perhaps less than investors expected. Longer term we are impressed by HP’s potential to take share from copiers and become the 3D printing leader. Citigroup’s Jim Suva, who has a Buy rating on the stock, notes that the projected numbers are mostly below what he and the Street are looking at: 1) Summing it All Up – Combined EPS of HPI and HPE (at the midpoint) equates to $3.62 in FY’16 (flat from FY’15 combined entity EPS projections). This is slightly lower than FY’16 consensus EPS estimates of $3.71 which we attribute to share count variance. 2) Combined FY’16E FCF of HPI and HPE (at the midpoint) equates to $4.75bln compared to Citi/Consensus expectations of $5.3bln/$5.7bln, as the company laid out specific restructuring and separation payments to impact FCF in FY2016. On a normalized basis, the sum of FCF of the two entities equates to $6.75bln compared to consensus at $6.9bln in FY2017. We believe normalized FCF is a better metric to compare to. 3) The two entities remain committed to maintaining dividends (sum of dividends = $1.26bln compared to Citi at $1.3bln in FY’16) with remainder allocated to share repurchases. Richard Kugele of Needham & Co., who has a Hold rating on the stock, writes that these companies have been pursuing cost cutting for too long: However, for too long each entity has responded to these headwinds primarily with restructuring/headcount reductions. The ability to return to even GDP-level growth is not preordained for HPE or HP, Inc. Yet investors are effectively asked just to believe… to echo the enthusiasm of the current leadership and their hope that they can grow. While some are focused solely on cash flow generation, we see a company that is the target of hungry competition in many of its most critical markets, and we are reluctant to just assume success. Kugele expects investors to go after the “pure plays”: Investors have pure-play options in these spaces that are growing faster and also trading at attractive levels (such as EMC and SMCI). We prefer these names to HPE in the near-term. In terms of HP, Inc., while we believe the growing divid dividend story may play out over time, in the near-term multiple quarters of headwinds for both PCs and ￼Printing are a concern and weigh on our view of the stock. Brian Alexander of Raymond James has a Market Perform rating on the shares, and has a hard time believing the financial projections offered by Whitman & Co.: Normalized FCF was guided closer to $7.0 billion (slightly below our estimate), but this could take three years to achieve. Assuming shares trade at ~10x FCF, in line with mature tech company valuations, this implies a future enterprise value of $70 billion and this suggests shares could climb to the high 30s over this time frame, which discounts back to $28-32 currently. If we had high confidence in this estimate, we might be inclined to be more constructive. However, revenue growth expectations appear optimistic (primarily enterprise), restructuring activities might be more permanent than implied and uncertain productivity gain assumptions are a material driver to EPS (especially in HP Inc.). Alexander opines Enterprise’s services division is the big swing factor for that company: The HPE story seems to hinge around Services, where 7-9% margin targets appear to be a reality in FY18 following significant restructuring. EG is expected to grow at a 3% CAGR, which seems aggressive given already high market share. While management downplayed the need for transformative M&A, commentary was specifically “no dumb deals”, not necessarily no large deals. We continue to believe that EMC (including VMware) addresses several strategic imperatives at a reasonable cost.

The Daily News | Chase Akins  Published 49 minutes ago Updated 47 minutes ago    
Ball State gained 181 yards on the ground against Northwestern on Sept. 26, led by Riley Neal, Darian Green and James Gilbert. The Wildcats had only allowed 110 yards per game before playing the Cardinals. DN PHOTO ALLISON COFFIN 
   
On the surface, Ball State's 24-19 loss at No. 17 Northwestern doesn't seem like a bad one based on the Wildcats' prowess. 

Northwestern was a clear favorite in the game, and many people probably picked Ball State to get blown out. 

Ball State controlled most of the game, however, and either tied or outscored Northwestern in three quarters on Sept. 26. Missed chances and the Wildcats' big third quarter doomed the Cardinals in the loss. 
 
“Again, not a bad effort by any means," head coach Pete Lembo said. "But one where we needed to make a few more plays in six or seven different situations." 

After taking an early 3-0 lead against the nation's No. 10-ranked defense coming in, Ball State got the ball back after a turnover on downs. They pushed the ball down the field, but freshman Morgan Hagee missed a 43-yard field goal. 

Hagee missed two field goals in the game, finishing 2-of-4. 

Just a few drives later, the Cardinals were knocking on the door again. A 34-yard James Gilbert run took the ball to the 4-yard line to end the first quarter. 

But quarterback Riley Neal, in the first start of his career, fumbled the snap while attempting to hand it off, and the Wildcats recovered 

Another chance to extend the lead, another costly mistake. Neal agreed with Lembo that it may have been the difference in the game. 

“If I [didn't] fumble that ball on the 5-yard line, we’d have more points on the board,” Neal said. “We left plenty of points on the field where it should have been a different ball game.” 

Ball State's defense stood up to Northwestern by forcing four turnovers. They gave up a big touchdown in the second quarter and 17 points in the third, but gave the offense good chances to put points on the board. 

The Wildcats had turned the ball over just three times coming into the game. 

“Our defense played well enough that if were able to get those 14 points, [we'd be] a little bit happier right now — a lot happier right now,” Lembo said. 

Still, after the Wildcats' big third quarter, the Cardinals had their chances.  

They put together one touchdown drive in the second half, but failed to take advantage of short field on a few occasions. 

While there were positives — Ball State fared better offensively against Northwestern than Stanford or Duke — the combination of mistakes added up in defeat. 

Lembo knows this was a game that his team had every opportunity to win, but couldn't pull through. The Cardinals (2-2, 1-0) can take the positives from this game, however, and carry them into the rest of their Mid-American Conference schedule. 

Ball State will face another tough test next week against Toledo, who sits right outside the top 25 after a 3-0 start with wins against Arkansas and Iowa State.

WASHINGTON — A federal appeals court is blocking Samsung Electronics from selling some of its older smartphones in the U.S. in the latest twist to a long-running legal battle over how much of the devices' technology was copied from Apple's iPhone. 

The ruling issued Thursday by the U.S. Federal Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington vindicates Apple, but might not hurt Samsung too much. That's because it applies to phones that are no longer popular. 

The most recent phone affected by the injunction, the Galaxy S3, was released in 2012 — long enough ago to be eclipsed by slicker smartphones in the rapidly evolving market for mobile technology. Samsung recently began selling the Galaxy S6, which was unaffected by Thursday's decision. 

Samsung could also revise the features covered by the injunction, something that the company has previously indicated it might do if prodded by the courts. 

Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. have been locked in a bitter feud for years over the patents covering a variety of features commonly used in many smartphones. 

The acrimony dates back to the reign of Apple's late CEO Steve Jobs, who contended that Google had ripped off the iPhone's innovations to use in Android, a free mobile operating system that Samsung uses in its smartphones. Samsung emerged as Apple's biggest rival in the smartphone market, making it the target of a legal onslaught that has continued long after Jobs' death nearly four years ago. 

Juries in two separate federal court trials in San Jose, California, decided some of the features in Samsung's phones and tablets infringed on Apple's patents covering iPhone innovations. Apple has been awarded more than $600 million in damages so far, but Samsung is still pursuing appeals that could reduce the amount owed. 

In a 2-1 vote, the appeals court issuing Thursday's injunction concluded Apple was being harmed by Samsung's infringement on patents for iPhone's slide-to-lock screen and auto-correct feature. The court also concluded that protecting Apple's intellectual rights wouldn't harm the public welfare. 

"Apple does not seek to enjoin the sale of lifesaving drugs, but to prevent Samsung from profiting from the unauthorized use of infringing features in its cellphones and tablets," wrote U.S. Federal Circuit Judge Kimberly Moore in the majority opinion.

SOURCE California Science Center

LOS ANGELES 

"The Journey to Space Exhibition and 3D Film explores both the history and bright future of human space travel, along with the risks and innovative solutions involved," said Jeffrey N. Rudolph 

Journey to Space: The Exhibition offers hands-on and multimedia experiences 

Guests will get a hands-on, climb-aboard experience at what it takes to live and work in space. The exhibition examines the extraordinary environment of space, including the very real dangers astronauts face during their mission above-Earth and the adaptations that engineers have developed to help them survive. Visitors will learn about the vacuum of space, radiation, meteoroids, and temperature extremes, while getting a look at all of the ways in which the forbidding environment of space can challenge human exploration.

Guests will find hands-on activities to explore the science of getting to space. This includes learning about "weightlessness" and how it affects the body during a long-term space mission. An experiment with water rockets, varying the amount of air and water used as fuel, will allow them to observe the physics of the launch. Another interactive uses drop towers, which lift items up high and drop them in a free-fall, to demonstrate how familiar objects behave differently in the weightless environment of space.

Visitors will experience the sights, sounds, and smells on board an orbiting space station like the International Space Station (ISS), and try their hands at some of the engineering feats that support astronauts who live in space. Through games, multimedia components, and interactive exhibits, guests will find out how astronauts eat, sleep, and even use the restroom in space. They'll encounter firsthand the difficulties of working in space – from operating a robotic arm like astronauts on the space shuttle, to managing the limited power supply available to keep life support systems running, to discovering why working in a pressurized glove in the vacuum of space is so difficult.

Journey to Space: The Exhibition features a full-scale replica of the Destiny Lab, the primary research facility for U.S. payloads on the ISS. With its rotating mechanism, guests stepping into the Destiny Lab will have their sense of orientation challenged as they get a virtual tour from astronauts who have worked there.

Along the way, they will see incredible footage from past missions of crews living and working in space, as well as interviews in which astronauts reflect on the trials and accomplishments of their unique line of work.

Journey to Space: The Exhibition was designed and developed by the Science Museum of Minnesota 

Journey to Space 3D film unveils new era of deep space exploration

Narrated by film and television legend Sir Patrick Stewart 

Through visually stunning imagery, and in collaboration with leading space experts, Journey to Space 3D showcases the exciting plans NASA and the space community are developing and the challenges they must overcome to carry out future missions that once seemed impossible, like landing astronauts on Mars. It calls attention to the reality that the space program did not die with the end of the Shuttle Program -- it is vibrantly alive today. 

"No longer science fiction, a human mission to Mars is in the planning stages, and major steps are being taken to make it a reality within a generation," said Bob Kresser 

Looking ahead to the future, the film explores the newest technology in space exploration:

Journey to Space 3D gives a fitting tribute to the Space Shuttle Program and the 355 astronauts who flew on the 135 Shuttle missions. This historical chapter in the film reveals how the Shuttle took many of the big steps that helped us understand how to live and operate in space. In fact, the lessons learned during those many steps that have enabled the future missions being planned today.

The film also gives a strong overview of the Shuttle's last major project – the launch and assembly of the International Space Station (ISS). The ISS is a joint collaboration of 15 nations, operating 24/7 and providing a true home and science lab in space. While ISS crews' tours of duty have averaged six months in the past, NASA began one-year duration missions this year. Researchers expect the one-year mission to yield beneficial knowledge on the medical, psychological and biomedical challenges explorers may face as they venture to an asteroid, Mars and beyond.

Journey to Space 3D provides a timely review of how NASA has been transitioning from the end of the Space Shuttle Era to a much more ambitious future that will forever change how we live and operate in space as a species. 

Journey to Space 3D, presented by Toyota and Boeing, is a co-production of K2 Films and Giant Screen films, written and directed by Mark Krenzien 

About K2 Films 

Recognized as leaders in Giant Screen documentary cinema, K2 Films, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of K2 Communications (K2), brings a wealth of success and experience in all aspects of production, global distribution and marketing. Additionally, K2's distribution arm counts more than 65 large screen format films in its library for non-theatrical distribution, plus more than 25 films for digital and large format theater distribution.

K2 also operates the only comprehensive Giant Screen consumer/fan website, BigMovieZone.com. For more information, consult www.k2communications.com. 

About Giant Screen Films

Since 1997, Giant Screen Films (GSF) has established itself as a pioneer in the large-format industry, producing and distributing films that push the boundaries of the medium. Through the magic of immersive sight and sound technologies, GSF's productions challenge the imaginations of children and adults, offering an inspiring perspective on the world and an unforgettable theater experience. Meaningful educational collaborations and partnerships extend each film's impact far beyond the theater. The company is recognized as one of the world's leading and most active large-format producers and is based in Evanston, Ill. 

About the California Science Center and Ticket Information

The California Science Center is a dynamic destination where families, adults and children can explore the wonders of science through interactive exhibits, live demonstrations, innovative programs and awe-inspiring films. The California Science Center and IMAX Theater are located in historic Exposition Park just west of the Harbor (110) Freeway at 700 Exposition Park Drive. The Science Center is open daily from 10:00 a.m. 

Go Metro to the California Science Center. Ride the Expo Line to the Expo Park/USC 

Kristina Kurasz 

Ari Swan 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/journey-to-space-exhibition-and-3d-film-liftoff-at-the-california-science-center-october-29-2015-300150142.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

Red Bull driver Daniil Kvyat was fastest in second practice for the Japanese Grand Prix as heavy rain played havoc in both sessions on Friday. 
 
The Russian, who completed just six laps, posted a best time of one minute and 48.277 seconds to head the Mercedes pair of Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton in the order. 
 
Earlier on Friday, Toro Rosso's Carlos Sainz finished on top of the timesheets for the first time in his grand prix career, with only 12 of the 20 drivers bothering to post a time in the rain. 
 
The sport of Formula One is back in Suzuka for the first time since Frenchman Jules Bianchi's fatal crash. 
 
And the miserable conditions here on Friday were eerily similar to those which saw Bianchi skid off the track and hit the side of a crane deployed to recover Adrian Sutil's stricken Sauber in last year's tragic race. 
 
Bianchi never regained conciousness and died nine months later on July 17. 
 
On Friday, the rain had been expected to ease throughout the day, but  persistent  showers were detrimental to both sessions. 
 
Sebastian Vettel, winner last time out in Singapore, was among a host of drivers to fall foul of the slippery conditions after he ran off the track at turn one. His Ferrari team-mate, Kimi Raikkonen, and Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo, who was fourth, also endured hairy moments. 
 
The forecast is for dry running for the remainder of the weekend making Friday's times, in front of the fanatical Japanese fans, largely irrelevant. 
 
Hamilton will head into Sundays' race with a 41-point margin over Rosberg. Vettel, fifth fastest in practice, is eight points further back. 
 
Jenson Button, whose Formula one future remains shrouded in mystery, was 12th, 3.5 seconds slower than Kvyat while his McLaren team-mate Fernando Alonso, who spent much of the second session as a bystander, only 17th. 
   
 Share article  
   
Meanwhile, Lotus face being locked out of their hospitality tent for the entirety of the weekend amid mounting cash problems. 
 
For the second consecutive day members of the cash-strapped outfit, who are due in the High Court on Monday over an unpaid tax bill, have seeked refuge elsewhere with the drivers forced to dine with rival teams in the paddock.

His name is Victor Ndigwe, he’s 19 years-old, he’s a male model and ain’t nothing wrong with that. 
 
The post appeared first on Vanguard News . 
 
Source: Vanguard Entertainment

Locate NFL Network channel numbers in your area by entering your zip code and television provider into this Channel Finder.

If NFL Network is unavailable at home, revisit this page on Thursday evenings to watch the free NFL.com simulcast.

Featured Videos

Sunday 7am et

Sunday 9am et

Sunday 1PM et

Sunday 7:30pm et

Sunday 11:30PM et

On NFL Network:

Sundays Starting at 7AM ET

NFL GameDay is there to start and end your Sunday with exclusive interviews and a hall of fame cast.

Talent:

Rich Eisen Z 

GAMEDAY MORNING

Rich Eisen

GAMEDAY MORNING

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

Marshall Faulk Z 

GAMEDAY MORNING

Marshall Faulk

GAMEDAY MORNING

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

Michael Irvin Z 

GAMEDAY MORNING

Michael Irvin

GAMEDAY MORNING

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

Deion Sanders Z 

HIGHLIGHTS & FINAL

Deion Sanders

HIGHLIGHTS & FINAL

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

Kurt Warner Z 

GAMEDAY MORNING

Kurt Warner

GAMEDAY MORNING

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

Steve Mariucci Z 

GAMEDAY MORNING

Steve Mariucci

GAMEDAY MORNING

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

Chris Rose Z 

HIGHLIGHTS & FINAL

Chris Rose

HIGHLIGHTS & FINAL

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

LaDainian Tomlinson Z 

GAMEDAY LIVE

LaDainian Tomlinson

GAMEDAY LIVE

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

Dan Hellie Z 

GAMEDAY LIVE

Dan Hellie

GAMEDAY LIVE

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

Melissa Stark Z 

GAMEDAY FIRST

Melissa Stark

GAMEDAY FIRST

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

Kevin Frazier Z 

GAMEDAY LIVE

Kevin Frazier

GAMEDAY LIVE

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

Sterling Sharpe Z 

GAMEDAY FIRST

Sterling Sharpe

GAMEDAY FIRST

', e.currentTarget.getAttribute('data-modal-description'), '

© 2015 NFL Enterprises LLC. NFL and the NFL shield design are registered trademarks of the National Football League.The team names, logos and uniform designs are registered trademarks of the teams indicated. All other NFL-related trademarks are trademarks of the National Football League. NFL footage © NFL Productions LLC. © 2015 NFL Enterprises LLC. NFL and the NFL shield design are registered trademarks of the National Football League.The team names, logos and uniform designs are registered trademarks of the teams indicated. All other NFL-related trademarks are trademarks of the National Football League. NFL footage © NFL Product

NEW YORK -- Theatergoers who check out "Beautiful" on tour won't get to see Tony winner Jessie Mueller but they may get the next best thing -- someone with her DNA. 

Mueller's older sister Abby has stepped into her sister's shoes to play Carole King in the Broadway musical about the celebrated "I Feel the Earth Move" songwriter. 

Abby Mueller acknowledged she was "a little hesitant" to audition for a part that earned her sister a best-actress Tony Award last year. 

"I'm really glad my agent convinced me to and I'm really glad they saw something in me. I've just been having the best time doing this," said Abby Mueller. "As soon as I got the audition, I called Jessie. I was like, 'I've got a funny story for you.'" 

Jessie and Abby Mueller are just the tip of the talented, Chicago-based Mueller family. Their brothers, Matt and Andrew, as well as their parents, Roger Mueller and Jill Shellabarger, are all actors. 

"Beautiful" director Marc Bruni said Abby, who graduated from Indiana University and has been on Broadway in "Kinky Boots," earned the job with her skills. 

"We did not set out to specifically cast within the Mueller family. Abby is an extraordinary talent in her own right," he said. 

"She is creating her own version of Carole that has all of the emotional resonance and all of the truthful acting that comes with the Mueller family and their amazing accessibility of emotion." 

The tour kicks off in Providence, Rhode Island, on Tuesday. It makes stops in North Carolina, Washington, D.C., Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Illinois, Missouri, New York, Ohio, Florida, Georgia, Texas, California and Colorado. 

One of the tour's highlights for Mueller will be spending the holidays and New Year's Eve in Chicago. "It's going to be awesome. I'm thrilled," she said. "I haven't been home for Christmas in years." 

The musical tells the story of King and her first husband, Gerry Goffin, who together composed some of the greatest pop singles of the early 1960s, including The Shirelles' "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow," the Drifters' "Up on the Roof," Bobby Vee's "Take Good Care of My Baby" and Little Eva's "The Loco-Motion." 

Book writer Douglas McGrath intertwines the story of King and Goffin with that of their friends and avid competitors, the songwriting team of Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil, which opens another treasure trove of pop hits like "You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'" and "Walking in the Rain." 

Audience members get some history -- and some killer tunes. "You learn something and you have your heart warmed. And you also have this catalog of music that is just unparalleled," said Bruni. 

It will be the first time on the road for Mueller, but not for Liam Tobin, who plays Gerry Goffin. The Canadian-born Tobin toured western Europe in "West Side Story." 

He didn't see the Broadway version until after starting tour rehearsals and said he loves digging into a character who struggles with mental illness and guilt. 

"It's been a real treat to go somewhere else with a character than just your classic leading man," he said. "It's really a privilege to really dig in to something like Gerry." 

Mueller, who grew up listening to King's landmark album "Tapestry" and recently met the songwriter, has been trying to tap into King's honesty and vulnerability. 

"Trying to do anything to be like Carole is instantly going to ring false," she said. "Hopefully, when you're going for that truth and honesty, those are the essence that made people love Carole and hopefully that essence is what's going to carry the show." 

___ 

Online: 

http://beautifulonbroadway.com/tour 

___ 

Mark Kennedy is at http://twitter.com/KennedyTwitsOnline

GREENVILLE, S.C. , Sept. 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Many young performers have dreams of making it to the bright lights of Broadway someday, but few have taken destiny into their own hands like 15-year-old Eryn Woo of Greenville, South Carolina . Woo interviews actors, directors, playwrights, talent agents and others from the industry on her podcast at http://www.goingforbroadway.com . 

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150916/267181 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150916/267453  

   
Woo asks insightful questions about all aspects of each guest's story.  She delves into the details of the chain of events that led them to their successful debuts on Broadway as well as the day-to-day rituals that help keep them stage-ready.  Woo's determination to gain a deep understanding of her guests is showcased in the thoughtfulness of her questions.  

Each guest interview has a different theme that Woo highlights for her followers.  Topics like "How to Achieve Your Dreams", "Understanding What You're Good At" and "Learning to Subdue Your Fears" have been recorded on her podcast available on iTunes.  Woo asserts herself as a virtual pied piper for other young hopefuls who listen to her podcast and read her blog, enticing and inspiring those around her with a yearning that is almost palpable. 

Broadway stars like Amelia Cormack , currently starring in Kinky Boots, Rachel Izen , formerly in the cast of Mary Poppins and now in Les Miserables, and Chante Carmel of Motown the Musical, are a few of the high-profile guests that have sat for interviews with Woo.  

"From the very beginning, I wanted this podcast to be a source of information not available anywhere else, as well as something that my listeners could find support and encouragement in," Woo says. "Since I am on this same journey as the majority of my audience, the podcast allows me to engage with listeners and guests…and I'm excited by the response so far and what's in store of the future!" 

Even at a young age, Woo has performed in multiple productions already, and the podcast is quickly expanding her knowledge along with her listeners. To download the podcast directly, visit the iTunes website link: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/going-for-broadway-podcast/id1035487954 

About Eryn Woo : 
Eryn Woo , 15, is an aspiring actress with dreams to make it to Broadway and beyond.  She has performed in many plays and musicals in her hometown of Greenville , South Carolina.  Woo hosts a weekly podcast on which she interviews actors and industry-insiders to gain insight into how they achieved success on and around the stage in an effort to propel her listeners and her aspirations to make it themselves. 

For more information, visit the website:  http://www.goingforbroadway.com  

Media Contact: 
Name: Edmund Woo 
Phone: 864 363 6644 
Email 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/why-are-the-brightest-stars-on-broadway-sharing-their-secrets-of-success-with-this-15-year-old-local-greenville-podcaster-300144777.html 

SOURCE Eryn Woo

Deferral follows outcome of third PJM capacity auction 

CHICAGO--(EON: Enhanced Online News 

“While Quad Cities and Byron remain economically challenged, we are encouraged by the results of the recent capacity auctions. The new market reforms help to recognize the unique value of always-on nuclear power, while preserving the reliability of our electric system”

Exelon intends to bid Quad Cities, Byron, Three Mile Island and all eligible nuclear plants into the 2019-2020 PJM capacity auction next year. The decision to defer retirement decisions comes after rigorous analysis of the present and future economics of the plants, taking into consideration the constructive market trends stemming from the PJM capacity auction reforms. 

“While Quad Cities and Byron remain economically challenged, we are encouraged by the results of the recent capacity auctions. The new market reforms help to recognize the unique value of always-on nuclear power, while preserving the reliability of our electric system,” said Chris Crane, Exelon president and CEO. “However, these plants are long-lived assets with decades of useful life left, and today’s decision is only a short-term reprieve. Policy reforms are still needed to level the playing field for all forms of clean energy and best position the state of Illinois to meet EPA’s new carbon reduction rules.” 

Exelon will continue its dialogue with Illinois policymakers about market and policy reforms that properly value nuclear power for the economic and environmental benefits it provides. 

Exelon has long supported efforts to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from the power sector and has invested in clean technologies to improve the quality of the air for the benefit of its customers. The EPA’s Clean Power Plan, which mandates significant reductions in carbon emissions from power plants, will require the states and the power sector to find the most cost-effective solutions to achieve the required reductions. 

The Illinois Environmental Protection Agency determined that the loss of two nuclear plants would increase emissions by about 24 million short tons, more than doubling the emissions reductions required under the EPA’s carbon reduction rules and making it twice as costly to comply. The Illinois EPA calculated the incremental societal cost of losing two plants at more than $10 billion -- a figure that does not include the additional billions of dollars early retirements would cost in the form of higher energy bills, reduced electric reliability and lost jobs. 

The auction results for the 2017-18 planning year take effect in June 2017. The transition auction was the second of two held by PJM to supplement its prior base capacity auctions for the 2016-17 and 2017-18 planning years with the new capacity performance product, which is designed to strengthen electric grid reliability. 

Unlike Quad Cities and Byron, Exelon’s Clinton nuclear plant operates in MISO territory and did not benefit from the PJM auction results. While a MISO capacity auction held earlier this year helped reduce Clinton’s economic losses, the plant remains economically challenged and is at risk of premature retirement if conditions do not improve. 

Grid operator PJM holds a capacity auction annually to ensure enough power generation resources are available to meet demand in its region covering all or part of 13 states and the District of Columbia. Although capacity revenue in a single year is an important consideration in a plant’s long-term viability, it is just one of several factors Exelon uses to make decisions about its plants’ future operations. 

Exelon Corporation (NYSE: EXC) is the nation’s leading competitive energy provider, with 2014 revenues of approximately $27.4 billion. Headquartered in Chicago, Exelon does business in 48 states, the District of Columbia and Canada. Exelon is one of the largest competitive U.S. power generators, with more than 32,000 megawatts of owned capacity comprising one of the nation’s cleanest and lowest-cost power generation fleets. The company’s Constellation business unit provides energy products and services to more than 2.5 million residential, public sector and business customers, including more than two-thirds of the Fortune 100. Exelon’s utilities deliver electricity and natural gas to more than 7.8 million customers in central Maryland (BGE), northern Illinois (ComEd) and southeastern Pennsylvania (PECO). Follow Exelon on Twitter @Exelon.

SEARCY -- Ronnie Huckeba is entering his 30th season as a football coach at his alma mater. 
 
One of the biggest signs of progress has come in recent years, when at times he'll be stopped by friends or even strangers asking some form of the same question. 
  
At a glance 
 
HARDING 
 
MASCOT Bisons 
 
COACH Ronnie Huckeba (50-36 in eight seasons at Harding and overall) 
 
LAST SEASON 9-2 overall, 8-2 in the Great American Conference 
 
OFFENSIVE PLAYER TO WATCH RB Matt Tenison 
 
DEFENSIVE PLAYER TO WATCH DL Daylon Markham 
 
COMMENTS Harding is 27-6 over the past three seasons, the most victories in program history over a three-year period. … Senior defensive back Trendall Stevenson is six victories away from being involved in the most victories in Harding history. … The Bisons have rushed for 3,500 yards or more in each of the past four seasons. … Only left tackle Eric Mitchell has started a game on offense for the Bisons. … Harding has not won a conference title since winning the Arkansas Intercollegiate Conference in 1989. 
  
"What's the deal with that team?" 
 
The seventh-year head coach, who arrived in 1986 as an assistant, is never offended. Harding has been to the NCAA Division II playoffs twice in the past three seasons and has won 27 games in that span, easily the most successful run since moving to that level in 1997. 
 
"It's a legitimate question," Huckeba said. 
 
He has a good answer, too. 
 
Harding enters this season picked to finish second in the Great American Conference and ranked in two national preseason polls. The American Football Coaches Association ranks the Bisons No. 21, and D2football.com has them at No. 19. 
 
Those rankings acknowledge a swift ascent from five years ago, when Huckeba was beginning his fourth season with a new offense and a 13-19 overall record. Since, the Bisons have averaged more than seven victories a season and have gone 9-2 in each of the past three seasons. 
 
Huckeba said the main thing that has helped the team turn the corner is the triple-option offense that he and his staff are committed to running and a recruiting philosophy that focuses on finding a certain type of player. 
 
"Our guys are extremely accountable," Huckeba said. "We have really set the bar high for what that means. Everything from where you sit in the meeting room, your focus, the level of intensity with which you practice. Just the team work ethic. That encompasses the entire year." 
 
This year, more than any other, will be a gauge for whether Huckeba's program has become established. 
 
Harding lost 10 starters from an offense that was second nationally in rushing (371.7 yards per game) and fourth in scoring (44.3 points per game) in 2014. Among the losses were two-year starting quarterback Keenan Kellett, leading rusher Romo Westbrook, who had 1,215 yards, and leading receiver Donatella Luckett, who averaged 26.2 yards per reception and scored 5 touchdowns. 
 
When Harding opens its season Saturday at Oklahoma Baptist, only left tackle Eric Mitchell will have started a game on offense. Only five players on defense have started a game, including senior defensive back Trendall Stevenson. He's six victories away from being a part of more victories than any other Harding player, but he will enter his senior season still trying to do what no Division II team in Arkansas has done yet -- win a playoff game. 
 
Harding has been there twice in the past three years. It lost to Northwest Missouri State 35-0 in 2012 and 59-42 at Pittsburg State last year. 
 
"The first time, that was just an introduction," Stevenson said. "This last time, it was something different about the team. We believed that we could do it. We've been two times and we've fallen short, but every guy that's on this team understands how to overcome it." 
 
Huckeba said he feels good about running backs Matt Tenison and Michael Latu and quarterback Park Parish, a junior from Clinton. Parish has played in 15 games with no starts, but Huckeba said he has more big-play potential than Kellett. 
 
"He's a home-run hitter and Keenan was not," Huckeba said. 
 
Parish said he feels comfortable in an offense with so many players who have so little experience. 
 
"We want [opponents] to think that we're not going to be any good so we can surprise them," Parish said. "That's what we want them to think." 
 
Not many overlook Harding anymore, and Huckeba said that has to do with its dedication to the system and method. 
 
"We really like how we play the game," he said. "We are totally sold on the triple-option offense, ball control, keep it away from your opponents and burn up the clock. Run the football, go for big plays, play great defense and be solid on special teams. 
 
"We think that's a winning formula, and it has been for us." 
 
Sports on 09/02/2

Trying to talk investors down from the edge of panic when standing square in the face of a herd of their peers charging for the exits is the stock in trade of your average investment strategist. Mark Tinker at AXA Investment Managers does that by addressing eight key concerns in a new note entitled "Climbing the 'Great Wall of Worry'". Tinker makes the point that while many people do not believe Beijing's gross domestic product growth numbers, finding the appropriate proxy is not always easy - nor likely to give you the final number you have been used to seeing. "With an economy of almost US$11 trillion, bigger than Germany, France and [Britain] combined, why would we expect even 4 per cent growth, let alone 5, 6 or 7 per cent? Given the base effect, we should be happy with a sustainable 6 per cent [as the International Monetary Fund suggests it is] and focus on the shifting components," Tinker writes and then uses a nifty dataset on express parcel deliveries to do just that. "These are a useful indicator of internet shopping and have grown from two billion to 14 billion in the past three years alone. There are 670 million people in China online and most of them use their smartphones."

Give me any excuse to make pops and I’m game!! So when we decided, with all of our friends, to throw a giant picnic last weekend, I immediately figured out a way to bring Peaches ’n Cream pops to the main event!
These beauties are layered with roasted peaches, homemade streusel and an Almond Breeze Almondmilk Vanilla/Greek Yogurt mixture that will make your heart sing! Everything combined together is sweet, tangy, fruity and ah-mazing. It’s the perfect refreshing bite to keep on hand for the rest of summer. Which, as we talked about before, I plan on extending through October And here’s the key to bringing them to a picnic – DESSERT FIRST! And a giant tub of ice to keep them frozen until it’s time to chow down!    
In case you don’t own 2394723984 billion ice pop molds and craft sticks like me, here are my favorites:
Ice Pop Molds
Craft Sticks for the Ice Pops
Print
Peaches ’n Cream Pops
Ingredients1 pound peaches, pits removed and sliced into chunks1 teaspoon lemon juice1/2 cup honey, divided1 ½ cups Almond Breeze Almondmilk Vanilla1/2 cup full fat Greek yogurt1 teaspoon pure vanilla extractsmall pinch fine sea salt
For the streusel1/2 cup flour2 ounces cold butter1/4 cup brown sugar1 teaspoon cinnamon
InstructionsPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Arrange the peaches in an even layer on a parchment-lined sheet pan. Drizzle with lemon juice. Roast until the peaches are soft and fragrant, about 20 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes on the pan, then transfer to a bowl (including juices) and let cool to room-temperature.Make the streusel while the peaches are cooling. In a food processor, combine the flour, butter, sugar and cinnamon and pulse for a few seconds to break up the butter. Place the mixture on a parchment lined baking sheet and pat the mixture into a large cookie shape and bake for 10 minutes. Remove the streusel from the oven and let cool. Once cooled, break apart into crumbles.Add the roasted peaches and 1/4 cup honey to a food processor, and pulse once or twice to combine. The mixture should still be a be quite chunky.In a separate bowl, whisk together the Almond Breeze Almondmilk Vanilla and the remaining 1/4 cup honey. Taste and adjust honey if you want it to be sweeter. Stir in the vanilla and salt until smooth.Spoon a tablespoon of the peach mixture into the bottom of each ice pop mold. Layer with a bit of the cream and another layer of the streusel. Continue layering until all the molds are evenly filled. Freeze until set, about 4-5 hours. After 30 minutes of freezing time, place a wooden craft stick in each pop, and continue freezing.To remove the pops: Place the popsicle mold in a large pot of warm water for 10-15 seconds, then pull gently on each pop stick until the pops release.
3.0http://whatsgabycooking.com/peaches-n-cream-pops/
Photo by Matt Armendariz / Food Styling by Adam Pearson / Recipe by What’s Gaby Cooking
** This post is brought to you by Blue Diamond Almond Breeze Almondmilk. All content, ideas, and words are my own. Thanks for supporting the sponsors that allow me to create new and special content like this for What’s Gaby Cooking**

During the famous Khareef season in 2015, Omantel experienced up to a 120-percent increase in 3G and LTE data traffic over last year’s traffic in the Southern Oman (Salalah). In support of Omantel to meet continuously growing network coverage and capacity demands, Ericsson recommended Zero Site, a solution that has zero footprint to avoid complex site acquisition and has low power consumption. 
The solution makes bulk site acquisition possible in cities and also supports mass deployment. The concept in this case is to integrate a small cell solution with billboards to provide optimal urban coverage with minimal visual impact. Zero Site is a smart and compact solution suited to hot-spot deployments, that improves revenues by meeting user demands on network coverage and data, with reduced operational costs 
 
Salalah Gardens Mall attracts massive numbers of tourists and visitors during the Khareef and was tested in the pilot Zero Site solution deployment in time for the season start. The site has proven successful in carrying significant amounts of voice and data traffic and in improving Omantel customers’ experience. 
 
Eng. Said Abdullah al Ajmi, Vice President of Omantel Integrated Networks Unit said, “To stay ahead in the telecom market, we have to continuously enhance our infrastructure with innovative and pioneering technologies that will increase our network capabilities and reduce costs. Our partnership with Ericsson has allowed us to boost our network and that supported our strategy and goals of catering to the ever-increasing requirements of our customer base.” 
 
Dr. Abdullah Al Balushi, Country Manager Ericsson Oman, says, “As the Networked Society takes shape, Ericsson strives to innovate pioneering technology and design that will cater to the ever-evolving needs of the consumer. Urban areas are particularly challenging for the operator as the number of connected devices increases with a lack of space for network expansion. Ericsson believes those demands can be met with its innovative Zero Site solutions."

New York (AFP) - Rock legends The Rolling Stones have decided to record a new album in what would be their first in a decade, guitarist Keith Richards said.

Richards, at an event Tuesday evening to promote his latest solo album, said that the Stones planned to return to the studio after a hitherto unannounced tour of South America in early 2016.

"Actually, I was in London last week and the boys and I got together. And, yeah, there are now definite plans to record," Richards told a forum in New York organized by Internet radio station iHeartRadio.

The now septuagenarian rockers have toured actively in recent years, recently completing a summer swing through North America, but have not released a new album since "A Bigger Bang" in 2005.

That album, in turn, was the first by The Rolling Stones in eight years.

The Rolling Stones are widely regarded as one of rock's defining acts, producing classic albums such as "Sticky Fingers" and "Exile on Main St." and feuding with The Beatles for the crown of Britain's top band.

Richards, known for his hard-living and cantankerous public comments, on Friday releases "Crosseyed Heart," his first solo album in 23 years.

The album -- featuring Richards, rather than Stones frontman Mick Jagger, on vocals -- brings in a range of collaborators including the jazz and blues singer Norah Jones.

| www.palmbeachpost.com News blogs Storm2015.com In the News Neighborhoods blogs Take a Break Customer Service Sports Blogs Things to Do Blogs More Welcome back, AnonymousUser . 
CLOSE 

FUN 

FOLLOW US 
Enterprise Feedback Management 
Survey Software

AT THE HUNGARIAN-SERBIAN BORDER (CNN) – A day after Croatia opened its border to migrants, the country changed tack Thursday, closing seven border crossings with Serbia after thousands of people streamed in. 

In just two days, more than 11,000 migrants have entered Croatia from Serbia. Now “until further notice,” the Croatian Interior Ministry said on its website, traffic is banned on roads leading to the seven border crossings. 

Things started out smoothly, with police coaxing frightened migrants across the border Wednesday. But by Thursday, chaos erupted as thousands of people broke through police barriers set up at the train station in the border town of Tovarnik. 

Women were wailing and police tried to help children as masses of people pushed their way out of the holding area set up for processing. 

Police did not use force against the migrants, as they tried to keep the barriers in place. They finally gave up and the migrants started running into Croatia. 

Terence Pike, with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Croatia, told CNN that Croatian authorities had been prepared to handle only an influx of 500 migrants and refugees a day. 

“I think that too many refugees entered in an uncontrolled way on the first day,” said Croatian President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic. 

”Yes, of course, Croatia showed a human face, but I stress that the safety of Croatian citizens and the stability of the state comes first,” she said. 

Croatia can’t care for and satisfy the needs of so many people, she said, calling for tougher surveillance across state borders. 

Interior Minister Ranko Ostojic said the capacity to take in migrants has been reached. 

By nightfall, police set up a new perimeter in an attempt to stop more than 1,000 migrants from penetrating farther into Tovarnik, where bullet holes left over from the Balkan wars of the 1990s still scar some buildings. 

Croatia became the latest pressure point in the migrant crisis after Hungarian riot police used tear gas and water cannons Wednesday to turn back people at that country’s border with Serbia. 

Migrants attempting to reach Western Europe were left with a difficult choice: Stay and contend with Hungary’s tough new border defenses, or set out through Croatia on another uncertain path toward the European Union’s wealthier nations. 

Frustrations boiled over after Hungary had sealed the final hole in its border with Serbia a day earlier, shutting off a popular route used by tens of thousands of people in Europe’s vast migrant crisis. 

The move left desperate men, women and children — most of them fleeing violence in the Middle East — blocked by a razor-wire fence from entering. 

But the impasse at that entry point into the European Union won’t stop the flow of migrants attempting their arduous journeys, said Eugenio Ambrosi, regional director of the International Organization for Migration. 

“People will continue to try to reach Europe through Hungary, Croatia or any other route that might be available to them,” he told CNN. 

After Croatia, migrants are expected to try to reach Germany by traveling up through Slovenia and then Austria. But it’s unclear whether they’ll ultimately fare better on that route. 

Slovenia Prime Minister Miro Cerar tweeted Thursday that his country is committed to protecting the EU’s external borders. 

The Slovenian Interior Ministry said it hadn’t discussed with Croatia the possibility of providing a safe corridor to migrants and that such a move would violate national and European laws. 

The ministry said it would carry out its “obligations to manage migration and control its borders” and expected Croatia to do the same. 

Croatia is a member of the European Union, but unlike its northern neighbors, it isn’t part of the Schengen Agreement that eliminated border controls between many EU nations. 

Some people gathered at the Serbian-Hungarian border said they were wary of taking the Croatian route if it meant they would only end up stuck at yet another closed crossing. 

They say turning around and heading back to the troubled countries they fled — such as Syria, Afghanistan, Eritrea and Iraq — isn’t an option. 

The current crisis has prompted other EU nations to reintroduce security measures at borders with other member states. 

Austrian Interior Ministry spokesman Karl-Heinz Grundboeck said his country had started border control measures on its southern border with Slovenia. 

Germany’s minister for migration and refugees resigned “for personal reasons” on Thursday. 

Manfred Schmidt had been criticized for the slow process of dealing with asylum application and creating a backlog. 

At the end of August, 276,617 applications still needed to be processed, according to a ministry spokesperson. 

“Dr. Schmidt has done an excellent job and the federal interior minister regrets losing him as head of this office,” German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said in a statement. 

Aid workers say Europe is facing its largest refugee and migrant crisis since World War II. 

More than 430,000 migrants have come to Europe by sea so far this year, double the number that arrived during all of 2014, the International Organization for Migration said. 

Migrants typically cross the Mediterranean and try to go through Greece, Macedonia, Serbia, Hungary and Austria before finally reaching Germany or other European countries known to be welcoming to refugees. 

The EU is still trying to figure out how to distribute 160,000 migrants — and whether to set quotas for member countries to absorb them. 

“The crisis is moving quite fast — and unfortunately is moving much faster than the response that was put in place by all the concerned governments,” said Ambrosi of the IOM.

Seoul: At the height of the Korean Peninsula tensions last month, South Korean loudspeakers blared propaganda messages across the DMZ to hundreds of thousands of troops stationed over the border in the North. 

Designed to chip away at morale, the taunts infuriated the North Korean leadership. President Park has met with President Xi in China three times! the speakers boomed. How many times has Kim Jong-un met with President Xi? 

The answer: none. 

"If the North Korean people knew that they would probably be quite shocked," said veteran China watcher, journalist and commentator Jong-dae Ha, from South Korea's highest circulating newspaper, Dong-A Ilbo. "I don't think Kim Jong-un was too happy watching that parade." 

"That parade" was China's commemorative World War II military spectacular, held in Beijing on September 3. South Korean President Park Geun-hye raised eyebrows as she stood, resplendent in yellow, just a Russian president away from China's Xi Jinping, watching Beijing's conspicuous display of manpower and hardware. 

Park was the only leader of a US ally to attend. That the occasion gave the Chinese an excuse to bring out the good silverware (like the new DF-21D anti-ship "carrier killer" missile) so troubled Western leaders, they stayed away in droves. (Australia sent Veterans Affairs minister Michael Ronaldson, also known in China as "Who?".) 

North Korea's Kim Jong-un was not at the parade. His envoy didn't even get the front row, let alone a seat near Putin. 

Park's attendance was highly controversial in South Korea, and a curious look for a major US ally. "[It's] a big puzzle to many even among her supporters," says Hyung-A Kim, Associate Professor of Korean politics at the Australian National University. 

In Seoul, everyone has a theory. This is north-east Asia, where an infernal tangle of alliances, frozen hostilities, superpower tensions and historical grievances sits alongside ever-deepening trade flows and shifting power plays. Nothing is simple, and symbolism is important. 

South Korean media chalked it as a victory for Park, not a scoop for Beijing or a rebuff to the US. She was there to press Beijing for its support for Korean unification at a time when Beijing's patience with Pyongyang has run thin. 

That may be so, says Cho Min, from the Korean Institute for National Unification in Seoul. China's longstanding position has been that it doesn't want conflict on the peninsula, and it doesn't want Kim's regime to collapse. Therefore, "the only help China can give, from our perspective, is by not intervening at all, so we should take every opportunity to explain that to them". 

It is not clear whether Kim wasn't invited to the parade or refused to go after demands for special treatment were turned down. 

But the China-North Korea relationship has been strained at least since Kim executed his uncle, the former chief China envoy Chang Song-taek, in December 2013. Ha said the problems go back further, to the sudden ascent of the 28-year-old Kim to North Korea's leadership in 2011. 

"From Xi's point of view, Kim Jong-un is just a young man. Park is the same age as Xi and they have shared experiences. So he's probably not the right partner to sit down and have a heart-to-heart with Kim Jong-un," said the journalist Ha. 

Park has held six summit meetings with Xi, three of them in China, since she was elected in 2013. During the flare-up of Korean Peninsula tensions in August, the Chinese exerted pressure on the North Koreans to stand down, moving Chinese troops to the North Korean border and letting that be known in the Chinese press. 

"Chinese cooperation was provided to a certain extent, and that is why President Park attended the parade," said Ha. 

Further, the South Koreans were pleased that the Chinese chose the occasion of Park's visit to declare a push to resume the six-party talks, a sort of world's-grimmest dinner party where China, the US, Japan, Russia and the two Koreas sit down to try for progress on the denuclearisation of North Korea. The talks have been stalled since 2009 and China, which is the source of most of Pyongyang's food and energy, is considered to have the most sway over the North. 

But Hyung-A Kim points out that China has not changed its basic stance on North Korea; and that US alliance politics looms over this too. 

"Despite China's visibly warm welcome to Park, there was no epoch-making agreement between Park and Xi, just as there was no fundamental change in China's North Korea policy," she said. "She attended the military parade mainly to show the change in her government's diplomatic approach, especially to expand [South] Korea's own diplomatic space by resisting US pressure to turn down the Chinese invitation." 

Park's attendance may have been "a hot issue across the world", said Ha, but there were also many reasons why it was reasonable she was there. The two neighbours have a long history of relations, a quarter of Korea's exports go to China, and China pressed hard for her presence. She also led a huge delegation of 156 business leaders, amid debate among Koreans over whether their economy is too dependent on China. 

Like Australia, South Korea's main trading partner is China and its security guarantor is the United States. Unlike Australia, South Korea doesn't have the luxury of sitting apart from its neighbours. 

Follow FairfaxForeign on Twitter 

Follow FairfaxForeign on

Seated   from left: H.M.T.D.B. Denuwara, C.R. Weerasinghe, Upul Wijesekera, Namal Madumantha, Gamini Karunathileke, Anthony Gibson, Chinthaka Kulathileke, Dhamin Peiris, Shanthilal Perera, Doland Jayamanne, Kapila Priyankarage, Jackie Joseph 

	Standing last row from left: K.V.V. Marlinda, R.B.K.D. Madusanka, W.D.R. Wickramaarachchi, C.S. Danangala, W.L. IroshAnjana, N.M. Fernando, W.A.I.V. Weerasinghe, D.V. Paranamana, W.P.C. Wickramasinghe, N.H. Gayashan, Renuka Wijayasundara, Asiri Nilruwan 

	Second row from left: W.B.C.M. Karunasena, G.K.S.P. Medhavinee, M.A.U.C. Marasinghe, S.H. Dilan Namal, S.H.S. De Silva, P.W.D.Y. Chathuranga, Sujith Yaddehige, M.H.D. Fernando, W.A.D.W.K Alponso, I.D.M. Srinath, W.A. Kumara, R.I.A. Perumal  

	Absent: U.D. Thusitha Asanka Perera, M.K.R.Q   Silva, P.S. Rupasinghe, D.R. Kumarasighne, N.N. Fernando, G.A.D.D. Perera, W.D.S. Senerath  
 

	  
 

	  
 

	The culinary artists of SriLankan Catering showcased their creative prowess by claiming the highest number of medals at the recently held Culinary Expo 2015 exhibition.  

	The SriLankan Catering team bagged a staggering tally of 53 medals, which was inclusive of 13 gold medals, 22 silver medals and 18 bronze medals. The team was only just outdone in the overall Championships by Heritance Kandalama. SriLankan Catering faced stiff competition from highly skilled professionals from leading hotels and resorts in the hospitality industry but performed brilliantly to win several accolades. 

	The Culinary Expo is an event organised by the Chefs Guild of Sri Lanka, bringing together contestants representing leading hotels from the leisure sector, enabling them to showcase their talents and culinary expertise at the exhibition. The Chefs of SriLankan Catering asserted their dominance throughout the competition by winning medals in each category they competed in at the event.  

	The gold medal tally of SriLankan was topped by U.D. Thusitha Asanka Perera, P.S. Rupasinghe and W.B.C.M. Karunasena, who claimed two gold medals each. S.H.S De Silva, C. Danangala, W.D.R Wickramarachchi, D.V. Paranamana, S.H.S.D. Silva, R.Q. De Silva and W.K. Alponso with a medal each were the other gold medallists from SriLankan Catering.  

	Expressing his sentiments over the achievement of his colleagues, Executive Chef Anthony Gibson said: “Culinary Art is where the untapped resources or skills of a culinary artist flourish and manifest into a wonderful work of art. It allows you to be imaginative and creative. I believe that the entire team should be commended and appreciated for the skills that they demonstrated in creating unique culinary masterpieces that were worthy of being rewarded at an esteemed event of this scale. It’s heartening to note that the team was able to reap the rewards of the hard work that they invested in achieving this feat.” 

	The successful team of chefs from SriLankan Catering were ably supported by their colleagues  Dhamin Peiris - Restaurant Manager, Suramya Rupasinghe - Emirates Lounge Manager, Jacky Joseph and Renuka Wijayasundara – Department Coordinators, Chef Shanthilal Perera, Chef Luckshman Hewagama, Chef J.M.D.C. Donald, Chef Upul Wijesekera, Chef Gamini Karunathilake, Chef Namal Madhumantha, Chef Ranjith Weerasinghe, Chef Priyankarage and Chef Shiran Jayawardhana. 

	SriLankan Catering is a fully-owned subsidiary of national carrier SriLankan Airlines.  
 

	 

The man who bludgeoned Irish student Karen Buckley to death with a spanner and attempted to dispose of her body in a vat of chemicals has been jailed for a minimum of 23 years. 

Alexander Pacteau, 21, was branded “truly evil” after admitting the crime at the High Court in Glasgow last month. 



Judge Lady Rae today sentenced him to 23 years for the murder of the 24-year-old, who was on a night out with friends in April when she was murdered by Pacteau. 

Lady Rae said Pacteau had carried out a “brutal, motiveless attack on a defenceless young woman”. 

She continued: "I find it extremely difficult to find words appropriate to describe the dreadful crime to which you pleaded guilty. 

“Karen Buckley was a young woman in the prime of life. She was a visitor to Glasgow, studying to expand her knowledge in furtherance of her career in nursing. She was a much loved member of a close and united family. 

"To you she was a stranger who appeared tragically to have accepted a lift in your car. Within a matter of minutes, for some inexplicable reason, you destroyed her young life and devastated a family." 



The judge said Pacteau had gone to “extraordinary lengths” to conceal what he had done and told a “tissue of lies” and a "concoted story" to police investigating her disappearance. 

In delivering her sentence she said: "You now, through your counsel, claim to be remorseful. Remorse was, however, only expressed for the first time when you pleaded guilty. 

"From a perusal of the criminal justice social work report, it is apparent that in the course of your lengthy interviews with the social worker, at no time did you ever demonstrate or express any regret for what you had done. 

"That expression of remorse on 11 August might have carried more weight if communicated earlier. And it is difficult, in my view, to envisage someone who is truly sorry for killing another human being, going to the lengths to which you went to cover up your appalling crime, whilst making up false stories about the deceased." 

Miss Buckley’s parents John and Marian travelled from Cork to see Pacteau plead guilty on August 11 and were in court again today. 

Previous conviction 

The qualified nurse had only been in Glasgow for a few months before her killing. 

She had recently left her job at an Essex hospital and moved to Scotland to study for a masters degree in occupational health therapy at Glasgow Caledonian University. 

Miss Buckley was described as an outgoing woman whose life revolved around her family and friends. 

Pacteau, who described himself as a “self-employed sales consultant”, has a previous conviction for printing counterfeit money. 

It emerged after his conviction that he stood trial in 2013 at the High Court in Paisley accused of attempting to rape a woman in a Glasgow lane. He was found not guilty of the charge. 

In the early hours of April 12, he met Miss Buckley outside the Sanctuary nightclub and drove her to nearby Kelvin Way, where he grabbed her neck and delivered about a dozen blows with a spanner. 

The killer visited various shops to purchase caustic soda before placing her body in the bath at his flat. 

On trips to High Craigton Farm on the outskirts of the city, he burned a mattress and clothes before buying a barrel, placing Miss Buckley’s body inside and locking it in a storage unit he had rented. 

Pacteau initially claimed to detectives, who identified him from CCTV footage, that they went back to his flat and she had fallen and injured herself on the bed frame. 

His solicitor John Scullion QC said he could offer no ”rational explanation” for his actions.

Deerfield Beach, FL -- (SBWIRE) -- 09/30/2015 -- A streaming media device allows end-users to receive unencrypted subscribed channels through an addressable system, which allows them to view encrypted channels. It is used to decode transmitted signals into video content from an external signal source to display on the screen of a connected TV or a computer.

“Mountains seem to answer an increasing imaginative need in the West. More and more people are discovering a desire for them, and a powerful solace in them. At bottom, mountains, like all wildernesses, challenge our complacent conviction – so easy to lapse into – that the world has been made for humans by humans. Most of us exist for most of the time in worlds which are humanly arranged, themed and controlled. One forgets that there are environments which do not respond to the flick of a switch or the twist of a dial, and which have their own rhythms and orders of existence. Mountains correct this amnesia. By speaking of greater forces than we can possibly invoke, and by confronting us with greater spans of time than we can possibly envisage, mountains refute our excessive trust in the man-made. They pose profound questions about our durability and the importance of our schemes. They induce, I suppose, a modesty in us.”  ― Robert Macfarlane 
  
Read More Daily Reports From The John Muir Trail 
  
We returned to the John Muir Trail by heading back over Kearsarge Pass after a resupply. We made it just in time to avoid the storm on the way out, and were heading back to the trail with nothing but dry skies in the forecast. From the Kearsarge Pass trailhead, the path leads downhill towards Bubbs Creek and Vidette Meadow. We got a really early start on this day and stumbled upon a buck sleeping just off of the trail. The landscape here is dominated by the beautiful East Vidette Peak. I would love to come back here someday soon and make the scramble up to the summit. 
 
East Vidette Peak 
 
After reaching the end of the downhill hiking, we reached a flat section that meandered through the forest. It quickly began to climb, and we found ourselves looking out onto the beautiful Upper Vidette Meadow. The tree cover diminished as we gained elevation when we reached the 10,000ft elevation sign. I was excited for the next seven miles that would take us to Forester Pass at 13,110ft. 
 
Entering the Meadow 
 
Onto The Water 
 
Our next point of interest was Center Basin Creek. It was a special moment to cross the creek, and look out onto a granite wonderland without the interruption of a forest. For the first time, I could see just how high we would be climbing in order to get to the pass. We had a number of switchbacks to climb, so I began the process I’ve come to love so much, putting one foot in front of the other. My footsteps had become the metronome for the song of my life. My breathing was in perfect harmony. 
 
Beginning to Climb 
 
Looking Back 
 
Green Life 
 
We continued climbing up the wall of talus with the pass in sight. I was amazed at how in tune my lungs were with the surrounding air. I knew the oxygen levels were low, but my legs and lungs didn’t seem to notice. I was hiking at a pace usually reserved for low elevation climbs. I truly had my trail legs now. 
 
The Pass In Sight 
 
Alpine Lake 
 
Before I knew it, we were standing on the border of Kings Canyon and Sequoia National Parks. The views were absolutely spectacular at Forester Pass. We took some time to enjoy the landscape, and struck up a conversation with a few other hikers. 
 
At The Pass 
 
Looking North 
 
We began the descent from Forester Pass and it hit me just how big this day was going to be. Our goal was to reach Guitar Lake to set ourselves up for an early morning summit of Mt. Whitney. We had already hiked close to 10 miles with 3600ft of elevation gain, and we still had 16 miles to go if we wanted to reach our planned destination. Motivation came easy, as my heart and mind were intoxicated with the beauty of the Sierra, the peace of the trail, and the adrenaline from crossing a high pass. 
 
Looking South 
 
On The Trail 
 
There were a number of beautiful lakes in view as we lost elevation and pressed onward. At the end of the downhill, we crossed a large creek and then began a winding uphill climb on the side of a hill. Towards the end of the uphill climb, the landscape started to resemble what I’ve come to know as Hollywood’s interpretation of a Martian landscape. I knew that meant we had made it to the Bighorn Plateau. It was here that I got my first glimpse of Mt. Whitney from the East. 
 
On The Plateau 
 
Views of Whitney 
 
After the plateau, the trail once again headed downhill, this time to the Wright Creek drainage. There was a lot of shade in this area, and the day was turning out to be a warm one. At this point, we were only a few miles away from hitting 20 on the day, and my feet were starting to let me know. I feel like I can hike uphill for an eternity, but downhills beat my legs and feet up in a way that always leaves me praying for a swift end to all descents. We took a break near the water and gave our legs a chance to rest before making the final ascent of the day towards Guitar Lake. 
 
Final Downhill 
 
The final stretch of hiking for this day was a rather pleasant one, as the trail was shaded, and paralleled a creek for quite some time. The trail really started to level out as we reached Timberline Lake, and it was at that point we knew we were very close. Julia and I were both moving pretty slow at this point, but knowing how close we were to the finish kept our spirits high. 
 
Timberline Lake 
 
Approaching Guitar Lake 
 
When we finally arrived at Guitar Lake, we were surprised by how many tents were in the area. We had read to expect a crowd, but this was something completely unlike anything we had seen on the trail thus far. Much like Thousand Island Lake, I had to go searching for a great tent site. I’ve learned in my years of hiking, that heading uphill onto rocky surfaces will get you away from most people. The key is finding a place to pitch. It worked like a charm again this time, as I was able to find a perfect spot that had no one around.  I had packed an extra days worth of food incase were didn’t make it to Guitar Lake in one day. For the first time on the JMT, I had a true feast. It was so nice to gorge on two days worth of food for dinner! 
 
Guitar Lake 
 
The only downside to camping at Guitar Lake was being hit by the realization that this would be my final night on the John Muir Trail. Much like the night before reaching Santiago when I walked the Camino, the excitement I held in my heart was bittersweet. After reaching Mt. Whitney, the journey would be over. 
  
Read More Daily Reports From The John Muir Trail 
  
“No matter how careful you are, there’s going to be the sense you missed something, the collapsed feeling under your skin that you didn’t experience it all. There’s that fallen heart feeling that you rushed right through the moments where you should’ve been paying attention.Well, get used to that feeling. That’s how your whole life will feel some day. This is all practice.” ― Chuck Palahniuk 
  
See More Photos In The Gallery Below:

A Rwandan-born man charged with genocide and other crimes during the 1994 ethnic massacres in the country went on trial in Sweden yesterday. The trial of Swedish national Claver Berinkindi is the Nordic country’s second case related to the killings,...

LOOK: Peyton Manning warming up with his young son is adorable
By Will Brinson | NFL Writer
September 3, 2015 7:51 PM ET The fourth and final week of the NFL preseason isn't good for a whole lot. But at least we've got Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning hanging out with his adorable son Marshall Manning during pregame warmups before Denver faces off against the Cardinals on Thursday night.
Easily the most adorable thing you'll see all night. When you get to warm up with dad ? pic.twitter.com/kFc1I9HUQ1— NFL Network (@nflnetwork) September 3, 2015
Pretty freaking adorable. (Via Twitter.com/@NFL) Topics: Peyton Manning, Will Brinson, Arizona Cardinals, Denver Broncos, NFL

CenseoHealth an industry leader of physician-performed health assessment solutions for Medicare Advantage plans, has partnered with Health Insurance Marketplace (HIX) and Commercial plans in 2015 to provide their members health assessments at their home, workplace, primary care physician's office or retail…  
Published on September 4, 2015 at 3:40 AM · No Comments 

CenseoHealth an industry leader of physician-performed health assessment solutions for Medicare Advantage plans, has partnered with Health Insurance Marketplace (HIX) and Commercial plans in 2015 to provide their members health assessments at their home, workplace, primary care physician's office or retail clinic. 

CenseoHealth is proud to support this new market in their effort to provide quality care to this previously uninsured population. 

According to a June 2015 RAND Corporation study, the Affordable Care Act provided health insurance coverage to 16.9 million newly insured Americans. With no health history on these individuals, it is critical HIX plans are doing what they can to get their members connected to primary care and case management if needed. 

By partnering with CenseoHealth, HIX plans are able to offer their members quality time with a physician at a location that is convenient for them. Members appreciate the thoroughness of the health assessment and recommendations. With the data collected from the assessment, health plans are then able to better understand the health needs of their members and assist them in navigating their care and recommended preventative services. 

Satisfaction with CenseoHealth health assessments is high. The following are testimonials from health plan members who have received a CenseoHealth's physician assessment: 

"I am a retired nurse and I never saw the point in scheduling these visits, but decided to give it a try. The physician diagnosed my husband with a heart problem and advised us to follow up with our primary care physician. When we visited with the doctor, he found the diagnosis to be correct. It is a serious condition and were it not for the CenseoHealth assessment, my husband probably wouldn't be here …

Market Research Reports, Inc. has announced the addition of "Global MHCV Market 2015-2019" research report to their website www.MarketResearchReports.com

Twin brothers and their older sister have appeared in court charged with affray and criminal damage following an incident in Normanton on Thursday (September 24). 

		 
Kevin and Michael Price, 24, both of Gibbon Lane, Thorne in Doncaster and Catherine Price, 32, of Westerton Road, Tingley, appeared at Wakefield Magistrates’ Court today. 

Ms Price faced a further charge of possession of an offensive weapon - a machete, and Kevin faced a charge of possessing an imitation firearm - a sawn-off shotgun. 

			 
Richard Ogden, prosecuting, said the case was “not suitable” to be heard at Magistrates’ Court as it involved “weapons which could have caused serious injury”. 



 
Magistrates agreed the case would be transferred to Leeds Crown Court, where all three defendants will next appear on October 12. 

Martin Lord represented the brothers while mum-of-six Ms Price was represented by Damien Walsh. 

Chief magistrate Margaret Bradley granted the siblings bail. 

But Mr Ogden appealed the decision. 

			 
The trio have been remanded in custody until the outcome of their bail hearing later this week. 

Police are appealing for more information about the incident on Queensway, Normanton. 

Anyone with information can wall Wakefield CID on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Water your lawn and flowers remotely. New Hozelock Cloud Controller
Leigh Geary September 9, 2015 Gadgets & Tech No Comments Back in 2002, when I started this site, I was writing about one smartphone. It was a little tricky because, as you know, I was just a toddler back then and couldn’t type proper good like what I does now.
However, times change and now we’re getting emailed about some clever tech that’ll water your garden for you. I’ve gone from smartphones to hose pipes. Is that a good thing? Hopefully.
Anyhoo. If you’ve watered your garden or some hanging baskets this summer you’ll probably heard of Hozelock. They’re perhaps best known for those clever things that click the hose onto your outside tap or to the spray gun. Now, however, they want you to know about their automated watering products for the “smart home”. Their mail tells me that..
The range enables people to save time, safeguard the health of their plants and use less water by making it blissfully easy to control their watering remotely – whether they are at work, watching TV or sunning themselves in the Caribbean!
We’ve asked for a flight to the Caribbean to test out that particular claim, but they’ve not got back to us as yet. Anyhow, first up is the new Hozelock Cloud Controller. It costs £114.99 and, using an app on your mobile, your can water your garden when you feel like it – or via a simple schedule you create. You can even water those pink flowers that I can never remember the name of. Inside is a long-range low-power radio connecting it to t’internet and, via the app, it can even suggest changes to watering patterns based on the weather. Handy huh?
The new Cloud Controller will be available in January.
Hozelock also have a few other automated watering solutions, but they don’t connect to the web or anything, so we’re not going to cover them right here unless we hear back about that Caribbean flight.
HTC Desire 626 - Review

Daily Mail  Sunday 20th September, 2015  
 Vince Cable, the former business secretary, has called for new centre-left grouping of Lib Dems, Labour 'moderates' who are horrified by Jeremy Corbyn's lurch to the left, and even some centrist Conservatives - in an echo of the SDP in the 198

Wonder Woman 
Wonder Woman will make another attempt at box office success leveraging an enviable TV persona with a live action feature directed by Patty Jenkins. 

DC will use spots in Batman V Superman and the Justice League series to introduce the character to audiences before release of the standalone movie in 2017. 

The warrior princess is undoubtedly among the more exciting names on the DC roster. She's also part of a trinity with Batman and Superman - an angle that may be explored in upcoming launches. 

Gal Gadot has met with her fair share of criticism over being in the title role, but we'll just have to wait and see how the choice plays out. 

Wonder Woman releases June 23, 2

Kim Davis, the Rowan County clerk who has been in the national spotlight for refusing to hand out marriage licenses, will appear before a federal judge this morning for a hearing on whether she should be held in contempt. 

The plaintiffs in the case have asked the federal judge to fine Davis until she starts issuing marriage licenses again. 

As we've reported , a lower court had ordered Davis to issue marriage licenses, despite her religious objections. She appealed and then went all the way up to the Supreme Court to ask that the lower court's decision be put aside while she waited for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit to issue an opinion on the matter. 

On Monday, the Supreme Court denied that stay , tacitly ordering Davis to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. Davis has refused. 

In a motion filed with the court yesterday , her lawyers argued that it is presently "impossible" for Davis to comply with the court order because it would "irreparably and irreversibly violates her conscience by directing her to authorize and issue SSM licenses bearing her name and approval." 

Legal scholars disagree with that assessment. 

Here's how Katherine Franke, a law professor at Columbia University where she heads the Public Rights/Private Conscience Project , explained it to NPR's Robert Siegel earlier this week : 

 
FRANKE: She has absolutely no legal ground to stand on. As a public official, she's supposed to abide by the law and perform her public duties, which are issuing marriage licenses to qualified couples. Same-sex couples are now qualified to marry in the state of Kentucky, so she is refusing to do her job. 

SIEGEL: But are there protections - even for public officials - for some religious convictions that might, in some ways, conflict with someone else's performance of the same job? 

FRANKE: Of course. Kim Davis has all sorts of religious liberty rights secured under the First Amendment and under other laws. But they are not at stake in this case. All she's asked to do with couples that come before her is certify that they've met the state requirements for marriage. So her religious opposition to same-sex marriage is absolutely irrelevant in this context. 

 
It's worth noting that in an amicus brief filed yesterday , Kentucky Senate President Robert Stivers asked the court to "temper its response." 

The laws of the state, argues Stivers, have not yet caught up with the Supreme Court decision that made same-sex marriage legal across the whole United States. 

In fact, Stivers argues, state law currently contains penalties for performing prohibited marriages — such as those between people who are "nearer of kin ... than second cousins" — but does not contain penalties for refusing to issue licenses to those who are permitted to marry. 

So, Stivers argues, the court should slow down and let the legislature sort this out before holding Davis in contempt.

, EDT. NEW YORK, N.Y. - The cast of the hit series "Empire" were tight-lipped about the drama that unfolds on the upcoming second season, but when it came to discussing secrets about the show before it had its launch earlier this year — they were revealing. 

Emmy nominee Taraji P. Henson, Terrence Howard, creator Lee Daniels and more from the top-rated Fox show premiered the season two opener at Carnegie Hall in New York City on Saturday in front of a feverish audience. 

Howard entered the prestigious venue, where few from the hip-hop world have performed, with his fist up in the air and yelled "Empire!" as the audience applauded. The cast sat tightly on the second level at the hall and even took a selfie, directed by Henson. 

But after the juicy episode aired, the show's producers and cast, including Jussie Smollett and Gabourey Sidibe, sat down for a Q&A that was hilarious and intense, but overall, in the show's fashion, dramatic — curse words and all. 

____ 

HENSON: 'EMPIRE' IS MOVING THE NEEDLE 

Henson, Daniels and the cast spoke at length about how they were surprised that a series like "Empire" had found success on prime-time television, or as Henson put it, "free TV." The first season of the show, starring Howard as drug dealer-turned rapper-turned record label owner Lucious Lyon, has seen ratings grow each episode and its finale drew 17 million viewers. 

"I honestly thought, 'This would be great. We will put this incredible work in the can and Fox would choke and put it on cable," said Henson, who earned an Emmy nomination for playing Cookie Lyon. "And I get the call that the show is picked up. I was like, 'What! Are they crazy?'" 

"You want to do the work that's going to challenge people to think and ruffle feathers and get people upset and spark intelligent conversations so that change can happen," she continued. 

Henson also said "Empire" is more than just a TV series and called her and Howard's characters, former drug dealers, "heroes in a very American way." 

"'Cause you can judge (Cookie), you can say whatever you want about her, about Lucious, about what they did to get where they are, but at the end of the day, their sons are not statistics. OK. Their sons are not in jail ... they broke a cycle of poverty and anybody that's from the hood knows that that is very hard to do," she said and earned applause. "It's very hard to do. To break (the cycle) and I don't mean break it for yourselves, but it for your sons, for the black boys that are coming up." 

Daniels, who produced "Monster's Ball" and directed "The Butler," also got political after thanking the chairman-CEOs of Fox Television Group, Dana Walden and Gary Newman, for their support with "Empire." 

"I want to say to them, 'Thank you for letting me do tonight because tonight is so important for me.' Where we are right now in America with race relations is an ugly place and it's time we tear the roof off this mother (trucker)," he said. 

____ 

SMOLLETT AUDITIONED FOR ROLE SINGING 'BLURRED LINES' 

Smollett, who plays an openly gay singer and succeeded his father to run Empire Entertainment, said he auditioned for the role of Jamal by singing Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines" a cappella. 

"I love Robin Thicke! Robin Thicke is talented, I have his albums, but this one sang it a capella," Henson said. 

Smollett went on to sing it live without background beats or a band at Carnegie Hall. 

"I sent Lee a message, I said, 'He is the baddest b---- in the room,'" Howard said of Smollett. 

____ 

LET'S DANCE 

The singing for Smollett didn't end there. 

Following the Q&A, he and his TV brother, Bryshere "Yazz" Gray, went on to perform popular songs from the series, including "Drip Drop" and "You're So Beautiful." 

During the latter, Sidibe — whose screen credits include "Precious" and "American Horror Story" — joined the duo onstage. She whipped her hair back and forth, twirled and twerked. 

____ 

GABBY GETS SERIOUS 

Sidibe, who plays an assistant named Becky on the series, said the script originally called for a "boyish, petite white woman." 

"And Lee said, 'If you like the script, you can just ignore that and we'll figure it out,'" said Sidibe, who worked with Daniels on "Precious." 

And then she got deep. 

"You guys don't understand, Lee is the first person in the entire world that has looked at me, looked my skin colour, looked at my body, looked at my talent and said, 'Perfect.'" 

____ 

TARAJI WANTED LEAD ROLE IN 'PRECIOUS' 

Speaking of "Precious," Henson said she auditioned for the role of Clareece "Precious" Jones, an overweight, illiterate and abused teen. 

"I'm a little nuts," said Henson, who explained that Daniels wanted her to audition for the role of Precious' teacher, played by Paula Patton. 

"And I was like, 'That ain't the role, the role is Precious!'" Henson said. 

___ 

I'M A RAPPER, NOT AN ACTOR 

Ta'Rhonda Jones, who plays the role of Henson's assistant Porsha, said when she auditioned for the show, she thought it was a rap gig. 

"I walked in the door pretty blinded. I originally thought I was going to be a rapper for Terrence Howard because that's what my brother called me and told me," said Jones, a rapper who had never acted. "Terrence Howard was looking for female rappers in their 20's and I thought he was trying to come out with a 'Hustle & Flow' (record) label." 

The audience burst into laughter. 

Jones also admitted she didn't even know who Daniels was. 

"I thought he was some crazy man," she said. 

____ 

The second season of "Empire" premieres Sept. 23 on Fox. 
 
Content Provided By Canadian Press.

TAUNTON - A cloud of uncertainty hanging over the Massachusetts casino market has cleared. The Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe announced last Friday that the federal Department of the Interior has approved its request for an initial reservation, including a 152-acre site in Taunton, where the tribe plans to build a casino. The decision comes as the state’s Gaming Commission weighs whether to license a commercial casino in Southeastern Massachusetts. Mass Gaming & Entertainment’s proposal for a casino in Brockton — 17 miles north of Taunton — is the only commercial proposal still in contention for this region. “This is a timely decision, as the Massachusetts Gaming Commission wrestles with whether to issue a commercial casino license in that region,” state Senate President Stan Rosenberg said in a statement. “I believe the MGC has the responsibility to weigh the significant market over saturation that would no doubt occur with multiple resort casinos in the southeastern region.” The Mashpee are pursuing a casino through the federal Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, which is outside of the state’s commercial licensure process. Under the federal law, a tribal casino must be built on sovereign tribal land. A compact between the state and the tribe stipulates that a tribal casino in Taunton would pay the state 17 percent of its gambling revenue in lieu of taxes, provided there are no commercial casinos in Southeastern Massachusetts, an area defined as Bristol County, Plymouth County and the Cape and Islands. If another casino were built in the region, however, the tribe would pay no casino revenue to the state. Commercial casinos, meanwhile, are taxed at 25 percent. “That’s a huge advantage,”  Clyde Barrow, manager of the Northeastern Gaming Research Project, said. Barrow is also chairman of the political science department at the University of Texas-Rio Grande Valley. “Let’s imagine a $400 million-per-year casino taxed at 25 percent. That’s a $100 million advantage on marketing the casino, comping rooms, building customer loyalty and maintaining amenities.” Mass Gaming & Entertainment has long maintained that a casino in Brockton would be successful with or without a competing tribal casino in Taunton, although it would be more successful without the competition. “We believe, based on experience and significant market research, that a casino in Brockton would be successful even with a tribal casino in Taunton,” Joe Baerlein, a spokesman for Mass Gaming & Entertainment, said. “We would not be applying for the Region C license and committing our own significant funds if we were not confident in this project.” The state Gaming Commission has previously stated it is on track to vote in early 2016 on a commercial license in Southeastern Massachusetts, which the panel has designated “Region C.” Page 2 of 2 - A discussion on Region C was on the agenda for the commission’s Sept. 24 meeting. “The decision by the U.S. Department of Interior to approve land into trust is a milestone for the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe,” Gaming Commission spokeswoman Elaine Driscoll said. “This determination provides further important information for the decisions the commission must make in the weeks ahead.” State law allows for up to three commercial casinos and one slots parlor statewide. Gaming regulators have stressed that they are not obligated to award a commercial license in Region C and will evaluate the status of the tribe and a variety of economic factors before making a final decision. “The commission looks forward to continuing the discussion about the path forward as it relates to gaming in Southeastern Massachusetts and remains committed to making decisions that are based on the long-term best interest of the commonwealth,” Driscoll said. Barrow said that if a tribal casino in Taunton is certain, he wouldn’t license a Brockton casino. The proponents of a New Bedford casino cited the prospect of a Mashpee Wampanoag casino in Taunton when they announced in July that they were dropping out of the running for the Region C license. “The reluctance of lenders to provide the requisite financing is due to several factors, including the possibility of competition from a nearby Indian casino, which would pay no taxes or other compensation to the commonwealth,” KG Urban Inc. principal Barry Gosin wrote in a July 22 letter informing the Gaming Commission of his firm’s decision to abandon its proposed New Bedford casino. Baerlein, however, predicted Mass Gaming & Entertainment would find success in Brockton. “While it is likely that the Department of Interior’s decision will be challenged and litigated for years, our proposal will bring needed revenues, jobs and economic development to Brockton and the commonwealth,” he said. “We believe the Gaming Commission should continue with the Region C licensing process.” Gerry Tuoti can be reached at gtuoti@wickedlocal.com or 508-967-3137.

Our first Learning Walk of the Year was a big success and a lot of fun!
Learning Walks are a component of our Teachers Visiting Teachers program at WJHS.
I was joined by Janan Foster, Ashley Jones, Betty Pollreis, and Leigh Ann Sandlin.
Our group visited the following teacher's rooms:
Dave Rau Scott Terrell Brittany Nelson Sarah Luhtanen Deb Hight and Kandi Cowart We saw several examples of teachers creating experiences with real-world applications for students, engaging instructional techniques, technology integration, and evidence of relationship building. As you can see from this tweet, we were also pleased to be greeted by a display outside of Mr. Fisher's room.  Mr. Fisher had taken a cue from the recent #bpseduchat with guest host AJ Juliani and had sought student feedback on what would happen if students were allowed to pick their teacher, investigate topics that they wanted to pursue, etc. It was a great opportunity for the Learning Walk group to read some of the student responses and reflect on the wisdom that they shared especially about the importance of the relationship between the student and the teacher. As always, it was great to get into WJHS classrooms and witness the incredible teaching taking place and observe first hand the amazing talent and intellect of our students. Go Wildcats! Tim Sparacino, Principal
Washington Jr. High School

As of August, the average rate for equity release lifetime mortgages had fallen to a record low of 5.82 per cent, according to Age Partnership.

This has dropped from the average rate of 6.70 per cent seen in 2009, when Age Partnership started tracking rates (see graph 1).

Analysis of Age Partnership’s management information looked at over 21,000 equity release customers from the last seven.

Average property prices in the UK have reached a record high of £272,000, according to ONS data, which means the average housing wealth of home-owning over-55s is likely to have increased significantly.

Graph 1: Average house prices and average rates for equity release lifetime mortgages since 2009

Source: ONS house price data and Age Partnership’s management information

Simon Chalk, equity release expert at Age Partnership, commented: “In the last seven years, the fortunes of Britain’s mature homeowners have truly turned around. Whereas 2009 saw house prices falling in the wake of the recession, we are now seeing house prices reach new peaks, as healthy demand for homes fuels property price growth.

“Simultaneously, equity release lifetime mortgage rates have fallen sharply, meaning the plans on offer are appealing to more homeowners seeking a bit of extra income or a lump cash sum than ever before.

“The number of providers offering equity release plans has also widened, and with trusted household names like Legal & General launching earlier this year, customers are enjoying some of the most competitive deals we’ve ever had.

Mature customers benefit from lower rates

The data also shows that rates have reduced amongst all ages of equity release customers, with mature customers particularly benefitting.

Age Partnership’s average 65 year old customer currently has a rate of 5.95 per cent, compared to a customer 10 years older who benefits from a lower rate of 5.74 per cent. However, both ages have seen a drop in rates to record lows since 2009 when rates were over 6.60 per cent (see graph 2).

Graph 2: Average rates for 65 year old and 75 year old customers since 2009 

Source: Age Partnership’s management information

Rising property prices are helping to balance out the interest paid

House price growth is helping to counteract the interest owed for taking out an equity release plan, meaning equity release customers can hang onto more of the equity in their house for longer.

Looking at the typical Age Partnership customer this year to date, they have on average released £43,972 at an average fixed rate of 5.82 per cent on a property worth £252,951. By releasing less than 20 per cent of the value of their home, compared to an average maximum available of 34 per cent, they are evidently being sensible, taking just enough to meet whatever their needs may be.

As the research table below shows, a realistic 2 per cent house price growth assumption each year will ensure they have over 80 per cent of the remaining equity left to leave to loved ones when they die.

If house prices were to rise at 2 per cent a year – much lower than the current annual growth of 5.7 per cent – the average property value would have risen to £320,803 by 2027.

Over the same time, the size of the equity owed would have risen to £86,694. However, this would leave total remaining equity of £234,109, up from £208,979 initially, showing the equity owned in the house would not be eroded in monetary terms. This can be seen in the table below.

Table 1: House price growth and the effects of interest

Source: Based on average equity release rate of 5.82 per cent p.a. and house price growth of 2.0 per cent pa

Projected figures are nominal and have not been adjusted for future inflation, which would reduce their value in real terms

The Indianapolis Colts acquired defensive lineman Billy Winn from the Cleveland Browns on Friday. 
 
The Colts will send the Browns a conditional late-round 2017 draft pick. 

The Colts also waived guard Robert Myers and waived running back Daniel Herron from injured reserve. 

Winn, who is 6 feet 4 and 300 pounds, was a sixth-round pick by the Browns in 2012. 

He has played in 40 games (18 starts) and registered 87 tackles (57 solo), three sacks, two forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries and two interceptions. 

Last season, Winn played in 13 games (five starts) and finished with 31 tackles (17 solo), one forced fumble, one interception and one blocked field goal. 

Myers (6-5, 335 pounds) had been claimed by the Colts off waivers on Monday. He was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the fifth round this year. 

Herron had been with the Colts since October 2013 and had rushed for 389 yards and caught 22 passes in 25 games.

. announced on Wednesday a new commitment of $70 million in community investments over the next three years to increase access to computer science education for all youth, and especially for those from under-represented backgrounds. Through the company's global YouthSpark initiative, scores of nonprofit organizations around the world will receive cash donations and other resources to provide computer science education to diverse populations of young people in their communities and prepare them with the computational-thinking and problem-solving skills necessary for success in an increasingly digital world. 

Invests $70 million in community programs to increase access to computer science education for all youth and build greater diversity into the tech talent pipeline. 

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Microsoft Corp. announced on Wednesday a new commitment of $70 million in community investments over the next three years to increase access to computer science education for all youth, and especially for those from under-represented backgrounds. Through the company's global YouthSpark initiative, scores of nonprofit organizations around the world will receive cash donations and other resources to provide computer science education to diverse populations of young people in their communities and prepare them with the computational-thinking and problem-solving skills necessary for success in an increasingly digital world. 

"If we are going to solve tomorrow's global challenges, we must come together today to inspire young people everywhere with the promise of technology," said Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. "We can't leave anyone out. We're proud to make this $70 million investment in computer science education to create new opportunities for students across the spectrum of diverse youth and help build a tech talent pipeline that will spark new innovations for the future." 

Over the next three years, Microsoft will deliver on this commitment through cash grants and nonprofit partnerships as well as unique program and content offerings to increase access to computer science education and build computational thinking skills for diverse populations of youth. One of the flagship programs is Technology Education and Literacy in Schools (TEALS), which pairs tech professionals from across the industry with classroom educators to team-teach computer science in U.S. high schools. TEALS aims to grow fivefold in the next three years, with the goal of working with 2,000 tech industry volunteers to reach 30,000 students in nearly 700 schools across 33 states. A key objective of TEALS is to support classroom educators as they learn the computer science coursework, preparing them to teach computer science independently after two years of team-teaching. 

Nadella reinforced the company's commitment to computer science education today during the annual Dreamforce conference hosted by Salesforce where he called upon thousands of tech professionals to serve as TEALS volunteers and help broaden the opportunity for students of all backgrounds to learn computer science in high school. 

"Computer science is a foundational subject — like algebra, chemistry or physics — for learning how the world works, yet it's offered in less than 25 percent of American high schools," said Microsoft President Brad Smith. "We need to increase access to computer science and computational thinking for all students, especially those from diverse populations, by partnering across the industry and with teachers and schools to turn this situation around and change the paradigm for developing a more diverse tech talent pipeline." 

There are three additional key elements of Microsoft's global commitment to increasing access for all youth to the full range of computing skills, from digital literacy to computer science. 

Global philanthropic investments with nonprofits in 80 countries, including the Center for Digital Inclusion in Latin America, Silatech in the Middle East and Africa, CoderDojo Foundation in Europe, YCAB Foundation in Asia, and many others, will deliver a range of computing skills from digital literacy to computer science education to youth in local communities around the world. 

Microsoft Imagine connects students with the tools, resources and experiences they need to turn their innovative ideas into reality. Whether it's building a game or designing an app, Microsoft Imagine makes learning to code easy and accessible for students and educators, no matter their age or skill level and at no cost. Whether it's free cloud services like Azure, online competitions via Imagine Cup that educators can incorporate into their curriculum, or fun self-serve learning tutorials, Microsoft Imagine helps bring a student's technology passion to life through computer science. 

YouthSpark Hub resources are designed to inspire youth about the full spectrum of computing skills, ranging from digital literacy to computer science engineering. In addition to providing access to the Microsoft Imagine tools, the YouthSpark Hub brings together opportunities to participate in activities such as DigiGirlz and YouthSpark Live, attend free YouthSpark Camps at the Microsoft Stores, and access training through nonprofit organizations supported by Microsoft around the world. 

Since 2012, Microsoft YouthSpark has created new opportunities for more than 300 million youth around the world, offering technology skills training and connections to employment, entrepreneurship, and continued education or training. 

More information about YouthSpark and access to tools and resources can be found at http://YouthSparkHub.com and http://imagine.microsoft.com. 

Those wanting more information on the TEALS program and to learn more about how they can get involved should visit http://TEALSK12.org. 

Microsoft (Nasdaq "MSFT" @microsoft) is the leading platform and productivity company for the mobile-first, cloud-first world, and its mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. 

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20000822/MSFTLOGO 

  

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/microsoft-expands-global-youthspark-initiative-to-focus-on-computer-science-300144592.html 

SOURCE Microsoft Corp.

DETROIT , Sept. 8, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Detroit Creative Corridor Center (DC3) announced today that it has launched a search for a new Executive Director to succeed founding Executive Director Matthew Clayson , who accepted a position in the private sector.  Ellen Schneider , currently Associate Director of the DC3 - a joint initiative between Business Leaders for Michigan and the College for Creative Studies – has been named Interim Executive Director while the search proceeds. She is an attorney and lifelong Detroiter. Clayson will continue in an advisory capacity to ensure a smooth transition. 

"DC3 programming has contributed to the creation of more than 2,400 creative sector jobs in the city of Detroit since its official launch in 2010," said Sabrina Keeley , Chief Operating Officer of Business Leaders for Michigan .  "With a strong team and funding commitments in place to continue operations through 2017, the DC3 is excited about the future," said Keeley. 
   
College for Creative Studies President Richard Rogers stated that the foundation of the DC3 is strong, and that it is positioned well to deliver continued impact. 

"We are confident that Ellen will provide the leadership necessary to ensure DC3's programming continues to play a major role in creating a dense core city district that is attracting and retaining talent, increasing the presence of creative industries and improving the city's image both internally and externally," said Rogers. 

A search for a permanent Executive Director has begun. Anyone interested in applying for the position should submit a letter, resume and three references to dc3execdir@apparatussolutionsinc.com   no later than October 2, 2015 . The job description, including required qualifications is posted on the DC3 website:  www.detroitc3.com . 

The Detroit Creative Corridor Center (DC3) is metropolitan Detroit's creative industries advocacy organization.  It provides the leadership, resources, exposure, data and analytics necessary to elevate the economic output and social impact of Detroit's creative economy. Its vision is to grow creative sector jobs in the Detroit region and to establish Detroit as a recognized global center for design, creativity and innovation. 

The Detroit Creative Corridor Center (DC3) is a joint initiative between Business Leaders for Michigan and the College for Creative Studies .  It receives funding from the U.S. Small Business Administration, the Michigan Economic Development Corporation, The Kresge Foundation, Surdna Foundation, New Economy Initiative for Southeast Michigan , the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, fee-based consulting work and a variety of corporate partners. 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/detroit-creative-corridor-center-launches-search-for-new-executive-director-300139042.html 

SOURCE  Detroit Creative Corridor Center (DC3)

RetroSnickers Totally Destroys Sole of an OG Air Jordan 5 Sep 09, 2015 | 2:20 PM    Written By: Kenneth Dixon Tweet 323    The infamous sneaker destroyer and restorer is back again with another sole smashing video but this time the victim is the Air Jordan 5 OG 'Grape'. Check out RetroSnickers latest video and be sure to subscribe to his channel for more sneaker restoration videos.  POPULAR RELATED Air Jordan 10 'OVO' - Release Date Changed Detailed Images of the Nike Foamposite PRM 'Olive' Air Jordan 11 Low IE Low 'Black Out' - New Images Fine Dimes! The Prettiest #ChicksInKicks on Instagram
Rihanna's Signature Shoe is Right Around the Corner - First Look	Here's the Air Jordan 5 Low 'Dunk From Above' In Person Deals! Here's a Coupon Code for New Items at Jimmy Jazz	Remember This Air Jordan 5 'Black Grape' Sample? SNEAKERWATCH NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE

 China is working on building a megacity that will have more people than the UK, Canada, and Australia combined. It's called Jingjinji, a megalopolis with Beijing at the center. And it might be just as nightmarish as you imagin
The Financial Armageddon Economic Collapse Blog tracks trends and forecasts , futurists , visionaries , free investigative journalists , researchers , Whistelblowers , truthers and many more

The action adventure “The Last Witch Hunter” starring “Fast and the Furious’” Vin Diesel takes on the legendary titular character of Kaulder, a guardian for an endless age, is all that stands between humanity and the combined forces of the most horrifying witches in history. 
 
“The Last Witch Hunter” sees armies of witch hunters who battled the unnatural enemy across the globe for centuries, including Kaulder, a valiant warrior who managed to slay the all-powerful Queen Witch, decimating her followers in the process. In the moments right before her death, the Queen curses Kaulder with her own immortality, forever separating him from his beloved wife and daughter in the afterlife. Today Kaulder is the only one of his kind remaining, and has spent centuries hunting down rogue witches, all the while yearning for his long-lost loved ones. However, unbeknownst to Kaulder, the Queen Witch is resurrected and seeks revenge on her killer causing an epic battle that will determine the survival of the human race. 
 
“The Last Witch Hunter” opens October 21 in (Phils.) cinemas from Pioneer Films. 
 
[embedded content] 
 Conversations 
comments

Police have said a man whose body was pulled from the sea off Falmouth's beaches is now a case for the coroner. 
 
A spokesperson for Devon and Cornwall Police said the body had been identified as that of a "39 year old white male", and that next of kin had been informed. 
 
They did not give details of where the man was from. 
   
 Share article  
   
The man was pulled from the water between Castle and Gyllyngvase beaches on the morning of August 19, and handed to paramedics at Tunnel Beach before being taken to the Royal Cornwall Hospital at Truro, where he was later pronounced dead. 
 
The police spokesperson added: "The death is being treated as non-suspicious."

The article below represents a preview only and is not meant for reuse or republishing. 
India, Sept. 21 -- Admitting that the Bokaro Thermal and the areas under its jurisdiction were sensitive, newly appointed Inspector and officer-in charge, Rajesh Kujur of Bokaro Thermal police station has put crime control and public safety high on his agenda. He at the same time also claimed that crime graph in the areas under the Bokaro Thermal police station has witnessed a decline during last two weeks. 
The police inspector while talking to The Pioneer made it clear that he believed in performing rather than in making tall claims. Following a spurt in local criminal activities across the bordering police station of Nawadih ,Gomia and Bermo, the police inspector had cracked down on criminals involved in inter-district crimes. A joint me...

Jim Lauderdale, "Soul Searching: Vol. 1 Memphis/Vol. 2. Nashville" (Sky Crunch) 

Jim Lauderdale's "Hee-Haw" humor and sycophantic shtick on his SiriusXM radio show make it easy to underestimate him as a songwriter. 

Don't. 

Lauderdale, a two-time Grammy winner, may not sell a ton of albums or concert tickets, but he has worked with many top artists in a wide range of styles during his three-decade career. And he refuses to be confined to a single genre on his new 26-song set, half recorded in Memphis and half in Nashville. 
 
Both volumes are expertly executed and benefit from a crack cast of studio musicians that includes guitarist Luther Dickinson, who co-produced with Lauderdale, and brother/drummer Cody Dickinson. The Memphis music locks into an R&B groove that stalls on a couple of long ballads before gaining momentum. Lauderdale drops down half an octave to sing "Super Power" to excellent effect, and the closing "Mysterious" is good and fast. 

The Nashville volume is more consistently entertaining because the songs are stronger, and stranger. "I'm Just the Lookout" is inspired by either sci-fi or psychedelics, and "Signals from Space" is out there, too. "Plan B" addresses disaster management, and the topical "One Big Company" laments the loss of the mom-and-pop shop. These whimsical tunes and others are reminiscent of Roger Miller or Tom T. Hall — "Hee-Haw" at its best.

Whoops, I forgot to mention that the bags are finished and will be arriving around Oct. 9th.  As soon as we get them, we will be shipping them out.

Thanks for your patience!

[Vanguard] Abuja -PRESIDENT Muhammed Buhari failed to meet up with his earlier promise of submitting list of nominees to the Senate before the end of September. The president had assured that the list containing the nominees into ministerial offices would be submitted to the Red Chamber latest by September 30,for onward screening and possible…  
Abuja — PRESIDENT Muhammed Buhari failed to meet up with his earlier promise of submitting list of nominees to the Senate before the end of September. The president had assured that the list containing the nominees into ministerial offices would be submitted to the Red Chamber latest by September 30,for onward screening and possible confirmation. 

But the Senate President, Bukola Saraki, who announces correspondences from the president at the beginning of plenary, before the consideration of any other items in the day's business, could not announce any letter from the President during Tuesday's session, indicating that there was no such list at his disposal. 

The development prompted the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP senators, through the Minority Leader, Godswill Akpabio, to seek clarification. Akpabio, PDP, Akwa Ibom North West, raised a point of order, under matter of urgent importance, to find out why the Senate President had not announced the president's letter containing ministerial nominees. 

Akpabio, who noted that the nation's newspapers in the last couple of weeks, have been awashed with stories of ministerial appointments by the president, asked the Senate President why he received the list from President Buhari and was hiding it from his colleagues. 

As Saraki attempted to answer Akpabio's question, Deputy Senate Leader, Ibn Bala N…

FRANKLIN PARK, N.J. , Sept. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Paradigm LTC LLC founders Mr. Anwar Feroz and Mr. Jeff Naqvi have launched Paradigm LTC as a game changer for pharmaceutical companies to effectively promote their therapies in the long term care (LTC) channel. The approach of establishing a leading expert, interdisciplinary advisory team—with highly successful experience and a strong blend of creativity—finally offers solutions for health care companies to make a huge difference in the lives of LTC residents, while effectively growing their brands and presence in one of the fastest-growing segments of health care. 

   
The launch of Paradigm LTC offers health care companies a suite of engagement opportunities that range from environmental scans, promotional marketing, and strategic account management to hosting scientific conferences. 

The LTC channel presents several outstanding opportunities: 
Approximately 6 million patients, many with multiple diseases and conditions, move through skilled nursing and alternate level of care facilities annually  Medication adherence is managed by nursing care, which results in nearly 100% compliance  Dual-eligible residents in LTC facilities have the financial advantage of no out-of-pocket expenses for brand-name treatments in addition to no required pharmaceutical rebates 
These opportunities can only be realized by pharmaceutical companies that are successful in overcoming several challenges, including reaching key stakeholders effectively. 

With its unique approach, Paradigm LTC effectively utilizes its expertise to leverage and optimize resources, exceeding customer expectations and driving growth. 

A cornerstone of this unique approach centers on an alliance between Paradigm LTC and the Access Group. This partnership leverages combined expertise and resources to bring greater value to our clients. The Access Group, based in Berkeley Heights, NJ , is a preeminent professional services firm focused on the biopharmaceutical industry. 

About Paradigm LTC LLC 
Please visit us on www.paradigmltc.com  to learn more about our services and our esteemed team of advisers, or simply call us at  1-800-244-2920 . 

Contact: 
Anwar Feroz Siddiqi 
Paradigm LTC LLC 
Phone: 908-829-0472 
anwarferoz@paradigmltc.com 
www.paradigmltc.com | 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/paradigm-ltc---game-changer-for-pharmaceutical-marketing-and-sales-in-the-long-term-care-market-300144152.html 

SOURCE  Paradigm LTC

SOURCE Shoney's

New Executive Team Leaders Ready to Help Take America's Favorite Dinner Table Back to its Glory Days

NASHVILLE, Tenn. 

Wozniak's more than 27 years of experience has seen him in integral management positions, including CEO, at companies ranging from start-ups to multi-billion-dollar enterprises across a wide variety of industries. His background includes overseeing domestic and international expansion through franchising and company-owned operations.

With more than 25 years in the foodservice and restaurant industry, Chef Eric Cleveland 

"Shoney's has earned its place as an American icon through our tradition of top-quality family dining, unmatched service, and incredible value," said David Davoudpour 

Since acquiring the great American eatery in 2007, Davoudpour has been on a driven and spirited mission to revitalize and reinvigorate Shoney's, a family-friendly, southern style restaurant brand. Shoney's was one of the first and, in its heyday, the premiere family casual dining concept in the United States 

Davoudpour is dedicated to getting the famous brand back to its Glory Days 

About Shoney's

Shoney's is a Nashville 

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130522/DA19085LOGO-b 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/shoneys-announces-new-coo-michael-wozniak-and-new-executive-chef-eric-cleveland-300139847.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

(CNN) – For the past decade, we’ve drilled into children that when they ride a bike, they need to wear a helmet. Now scientists say it may be too late: Tricycle riders should be wearing them, too. 

Think this is a case of safety overkill? Authors of a new study published in the journal Pediatrics say the answer is in the numbers. 

According to their estimates, there were 9,340 cases of tricycle-related accidents that sent children to emergency rooms in 2012 and 2013. The most common body part injured: a child’s head — and head injuries can cause lasting damage. 

Co-author Sean Bandzar, a medical student at the Medical College of Georgia, said he noticed a few of his small patients coming in with lacerations to the face after riding trikes. He wanted to know more about the injuries and did a medical literature search, but most of the research was limited or outdated, he said. 

Using data collected from 100 emergency rooms for the National Electronic Injury Surveillance System, researchers found that boys are more likely than girls to turn up in the emergency room. Two-year-olds seem to have the most accidents, although there were tricycle injuries for children up to age 7. The most common broken bone was the elbow and the most common injury overall was a cut to the face. 

In addition to helmets, the authors suggest kids wear elbow pads, and that parents supervise their children while they ride. 

“We really feel strongly that the child should be able to ride in an environment free of hazards,” Bandzar said. “Have them ride away from the street and away from water.” 

The good news is the majority of children sent to the ER after trike accidents are treated and released. Only 224 of the more than 9,000 injured were admitted to the hospital. Deaths have increased, but not at a statistically significant rate, according to an earlier study. 

Knowing the types of injuries tykes on trikes may experience should help doctors make safety equipment recommendations. 

As an emergency room doctor in Ohio, Dr. Gary Smith has seen his share of tricycle accident patients over the years. He thinks the study is a good start, although he cautions about drawing significant conclusions from two years of data, which he considers narrow. Smith, the president of the Child Injury Prevention Alliance, has worked with similar data and said he’d love to see expanded research. 

Smith said he doesn’t recommend elbow pads, but helmets are a must for his own children any time they take a ride. When parents ask for advice, he tells them it’s their choice, but he has three suggestions: “Wear a helmet, wear a helmet, wear a helmet,” Smith said. 

His organization has done crash tests with tricycles. Injuries from falls can be significant. “Concrete is unforgiving and it doesn’t take a fall from very high to cause a serious transfer of energy. We’ve even seen a child die after a fall on concrete from only 4 feet up,” he said. “These injuries are not always this serious. I’ve also seen children come in with bruises, bumps and slight concussions, but I don’t want to take that chance with my own child.” 

The authors of the study in Pediatrics suggest manufacturers consider a couple of design changes to help make tricycles safer. An earlier study found that most accidents happen when a child turns the handlebars too fast and tips over or falls. Most children don’t have the depth perception or coordination yet to catch themselves or to fall without injury. Limiting the turning radius of a trike may prevent these accidents. A device that limits the maximum speed may also help, especially for children living on or riding near hills. Most tricycles don’t have brakes. 

Overall, Smith and the authors think riding tricycles is a good experience for children. There are even benefits to falling, with the right equipment. 

“I think it is important to keep children safe enough, but not as safe as possible,” Smith said. “I think we need to build resilience in children. They learn by pushing their limits and getting up after falling and dusting themselves off again. 

“Plus it’s important for parents to do their part to keep kids off the couch and active and not keep them in bubble wrap. We need to find that sweet spot to make sure kids are challenging themselves, but also making sure they don’t pay the price with a traumatic brain injury.”

England have named an unchanged starting XV for Friday's World Cup opener against Fiji at Twickenham. 
 
		 
The only adjustment to the 23 that dispatched Ireland 21-13 nine days ago sees hooker Rob Webber replace Jamie George on a bench that includes rugby league convert Sam Burgess. 
  Courtney Lawes will partner Geoff Parling in the second row for England's Rugby World Cup opener against Fiji.   
Courtney Lawes has been chosen to partner line-out specialist Geoff Parling in the second row once again and Ben Morgan continues to be preferred to Billy Vunipola, who is selected among the replacements. 

			 
The final marginal call faced by head coach Stuart Lancaster was on the wings where Jonny May and Anthony Watson will start, keeping Jack Nowell out of the 23 for a second game. 



 
Scrum-half Ben Youngs, one of seven survivors from the 2011 World Cup, will win his 50th cap when Fiji visit Twickenham. 

Lancaster insists England are thrilled at the prospect of playing a World Cup on home soil and welcomes the "support of a nation" for his team. 

"The squad is massively excited to start the World Cup. Everyone has worked incredibly hard over the last three months and we are ready," he said. 

"All the players have put their hand up in training and during the internationals we have played this summer. 

			 
"We are blessed to have such a strong squad to select from against a skilful and powerful Fijian side. 

"Friday will be a great occasion for the whole squad and for the country. We are in a unique position to be playing in a World Cup on home soil and to have the support of a nation behind the team. 

"That support will be a massive factor and we don't underestimate its importance. 

"I'd like to congratulate Ben Youngs on his achievement. To win 50 caps for your country in such a relatively short period of time is testament to Ben's dedication and commitment." 

			 

         Copyright PA Sport 2015, All Rights Reserved

A UNION is threatening work bans which will affect beer production during Victoria's AFL finals series.  
   
CARLTON and United Breweries staff at Melbourne's Abbotsford plant have voted in favour of protected work stoppages and work bans after seven months of pay negotiations broke down. 
Despite the impending industrial action, CUB says it has enough beer in storage to ensure there's no disruption to supply throughout the finals. CUB spokeswoman Jennifer Howard said two hour-long stoppages have already been held by warehouse workers and both had no impact on beer supply. "There's plenty of beer for the grand final," Ms Howard told AAP. She said CUB would monitor the stoppages and impact on beer supplies over the coming weeks and if needed it would use their brewing and logistics network to pick up any shortfall. "Clearly our preference is to keep the parties talking and support our customers and consumers through peak times," she said. The Abbotsford plant produces Carlton Draught, VB and Crown Lager beers. The opposition says Victoria's rise in industrial action was concerning. "We've got train strikes, tram strikes, cab strikes, beer strikes, we are becoming Victoria the state of strikes," Liberal leader Matthew Guy said. "In just nine months of Labor government we've descended from a stable place to live, work and invest into probably the most chaotic in Australia." Comment has been sought from unions for the brewery workers, United Voice and the CFMEU.

"Life" is a 1999 film starring Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence as two New Yorkers who are wrongly charged with murder in Mississippi. In one pivotal scene in the mess hall after the wrongly convicted men tried to display toughness by pretending to be the killers they are not, the character Goldmouth, a mountain of a man, says to Lawrence's character Claude, "Hey, girl, you gon' eat your cornbread?" Claude is willing to hand over his cornbread over, but Ray, Murphy's character, tells him not to. And when Goldmouth says, "Maybe I ought to take your cornbread," Ray responds with a torrent of profanity. "(Expletive) you can't have my corn bread that's for damn sure. Cause if you try to take my cornbread, part two of my killing spree gon' begin up in here on your ass right now. If you thinking about my cornbread, betta get the taste out your mouth. That's for damn sure. F--- that! I'm from New York City, g—dammit. Nobody take no cornbread from me! That go for you and any other of you (expletive) farmers wanna try some (expletive)! You (expletive) around with me, it's gon' be consequences and repercussions!" Fast forward to July 2008 when Derrick Shepherd, then a state senator, has been arrested for allegedly forcing himself into a girlfriend's house, punching her in the stomach, kicking in a door and stealing from her a cell phone and a hundred dollars. After his release from lock-up, Shepherd stands before news cameras and tells a disjointed story about how somebody (presumably his victim) had had the nerve to mess with his mama and mess with his sister. "If you do that," he glowered, "you have a problem with me. And there's gonna be consequences and repercussions. And that goes for anybody. Thank you." Shepherd later served 37 months in federal prison – not for domestic violence, but after he pleaded guilty in October 2008 to conspiracy to commit money laundering. You may have thought that prison sentence would have ended his public life. But no, Shepherd emerged earlier this month to qualify for the 87th House District race. There was audacious for at least two reasons. First, it illustrated Sheperd's belief that – even with his guilty plea to conspiracy to money laundering – he still thinks he's best qualified for the job. Second, it ignored a 1997 constitutional amendment voters passed that makes felons wait 15 years from their prison-release date before they can run for office in Louisiana. Jefferson Parish District Attorney Paul Connick did not ignore that law. He cited it in his lawsuit asking that Shepherd be removed from the ballot. Shepherd and his lawyers argued this week that the law was invalid. Despite that argument, on Friday morning, Judge Stephen Enright of the 24th Judicial District Court ruled that Shepherd's name be removed. "Mr. Shepherd is not qualified to run for the election for which he has filed the qualification papers," he said. The judge is delaying the removal of Shepherd's name pending his appeal of the judge's ruling. A pastor who showed in court Friday morning on Shepherd's behalf said the law is wrong. He said Shepherd should be allowed to run. He said Shepherd is remorseful over what he did and has repented. But surely that pastor knows that just because you say you're sorry, just because you have repented, doesn't mean you get to avoid the -- wait for it -- consequences and repercussions of what you did. Jarvis DeBerry can be reached at jdebery@nola.com. Follow him at twitter.com/jarvisdeberry.

Elbow frontman Guy Garvey has revealed how he had to turn down a role in Game of Thrones, due to the band’s touring commitments. 
 
The 41-year-old singer said he was offered the part of a “gladiatorial ringmaster” in the bloodthirsty fantasy drama, but had to pass it up because the group were touring in Australia. 
 Guy Garvey with his Elbow bandmates (Ian West/PA)  
He told BBC6′s Shaun Keaveny: “I couldn’t star in Game of Thrones even though they offered me a part because the band were touring in Australia when it happened. 
 
“I saw it and the guy that eventually did it was very good, so I’m glad they got him. But I was supposed to be the gladiatorial ringmaster that fought – I can’t remember the name of the characters – the guy that says Khaleesi, like that.” 
 
Emilia Clarke stars as ‘Khaleesi’ Daenerys Targayen in Game Of Thrones, which also stars Peter Dinklage, Lena Headey and Maisie Williams. 
 Emilia Clarke plays Daenerys Targaryen (HBO Enterprises/Sky Atlantic) 
Guy also said he has started a book but put it on hold. He has also been recording solo material, with his album called Courting The Squall out in October. 
 
He previously said he would like to appear in Game of Thrones, following in the footsteps of Snow Patrol frontman Gary Lightbody, Sigur Ros, Coldplay drummer Will Champion and Dr Feelgood guitarist Wilko Johnson. 
  
Will champion in Game of Thrones pic.twitter.com/yABw9N17pl 
 
— ColdplayAllDay (@Coldplay_AllDay) December 20, 2014 
 
“Game of Thrones would be the fun thing to do. Some of my contemporaries have done it already,” he told the Telegraph in 2014. 
   
 Share article  
   
“But my thinking is, I do not want to be a minstrel. Can I be beheaded or something, so I can keep my plaster-cast head?’”

UKF Drum & Bass has uploaded Etherwood - Sunlight Splinters (Official Video) Out now, support it on the ...                                               UKF Drum & Bass has uploaded Etherwood - Sunlight Splinters (Official Video) Etherwood - Sunlight Splinters (Official Video) UKF Drum & Bass Out now, support it on the Hospital Shop: http://bit.ly/34blueleaves
Support on iTunes: http://bit.ly/8blueleaves
Support on Google Play: http://bit.ly/60blueleaves
Stream it on Spotify: http://bit.ly/blueleavesspotify
Almost two years on from his incredibly well-received debut album and Etherwood is back with the highly anticipated, "Blue Leaves" LP, a body of work showcasing the sheer talent of one of the UK's most exciting artists in electronic music. Within this fourteen-track LP, Etherwood has not only displayed his perfected production skills but also outshone more than ever before with his own vocal performances and instrumental prowess.
Captivating listeners with his creativity, Etherwood explores the finer soundscapes of drum & bass, relaying the liquid beauty that his continually growing following have come to love him for. Included are the already popular 2015 releases, "You'll Always Be a Part of Me", "Souvenirs" featuring Zara Kershaw and most recent single, "Light My... (More) © 2015 YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066 You were sent this email because you chose to receive updates from UKF Drum & Bass. If you don't want these updates anymore, you can unsubscribe here.

Armenia and Azerbaijan both reported heavy shelling over the contact line on the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict on Monday, in the second use of artillery in four days. They gave different reports of casualties. Full-scale hostilities ended in 1994 but the "frozen" war sees almost daily exchanges of sniper fire.

) - Icron Technologies Corporation, a leader in USB and video extension technology, and IHSE, a leading provider of KVM products supporting long distance signal extenders, today announced IHSE will feature a live demo of their high speed Draco tera matrix switcher system complemented by Icron's USB 3.0 Spectra™ 3022 extender system at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) exhibition from September 11th-15th in IHSE booth 7.B30 at Amsterdam RAI in the Netherlands. 

IHSE's Draco tera KVM matrix switcher features expanded bandwidth to enable real-time switching of large amounts of data including 4Kp60 video signals at optimum image quality. High speed switch versions are available in a variety of sizes including an industry leading 576 I/O ports which can be configured for Cat 5e/6, fiber or combination hybrid for maximum flexibility. 

Icron's USB 3.0 Spectra 3022 fiber extender is available from IHSE as either part of the Draco tera matrix solution or as a stand-alone extender system and includes the ExtremeUSB(®) suite of features such as transparent USB extension, true plug and play (no software drivers required) and compatibility with Windows(®), OS X(®) and Linux(®) operating systems. 

"Media professionals require images and files of significant size to transfer and switch seamlessly over extended distances free of any latency," said Enno Littmann, IHSE's Managing Director. "USB 3.0 adoption is increasing within the industry, and ExtremeUSB extension technology from Icron ensures we meet the expectations of our KVM customers." 

"There is a growing demand from broadcast studios for higher performance KVM infrastructure," said Glenn Antonelli, Vice President of Marketing at Icron. "Coupling IHSE's newest Draco tera switch configuration of 576 ports with our Spectra 3022 extender allows 4K video and USB 3.0 signals to flow together with unrivaled flexibility up to 100m over fiber optic cabling."

To learn more about IHSE's products, please visit ihse.com. To learn more about Icron's ExtremeUSB extension solutions, please visit icron.com.

About Icron Technologies

Icron Technologies is the leading developer and manufacturer of high-performance USB and video extension solutions for commercial and industrial markets worldwide. Icron's patented extension technology extends USB and video devices over many media types including Cat 5e, Fiber, Wireless, DisplayPort(®) and over a corporate LAN while featuring the ExtremeUSB(®) suite of features such as transparent USB extension, true plug and play (no software drivers required) and compatibility with Windows(®), OS X(®) and Linux(®) operating systems. Icron's extension products are deployed in a wide range of applications including pro AV, industrial automation, machine vision, medical imaging, aerospace, interactive whiteboards, digital signage, remote desktop extension, security, enterprise computing and isolated USB, or anywhere a computer needs to be remotely located from a display or peripheral device. icron.com

About IHSE 

IHSE is a leading developer and manufacturer of advanced Keyboard, Video, Mouse (KVM) devices with 30 years of experience. KVM technology enables the remote switching, bidirectional extension and conversion of primary computer signals including DVI, HDMI, 4K DisplayPort, digital audio and USB. IHSE develops and manufactures an extensive range of KVM switches and extenders with visually lossless signal transmission from headquarters near Lake Constance, Germany. 

IHSE products have been certified for outstanding manufacturing quality, operability, resilience and high transfer speeds. Many renowned companies and institutions across vertical sectors including Broadcast, Post Production, Control Rooms, Banking, Industrial, Healthcare, Maritime, Education, Venues, Air Traffic Control and Government rely on KVM solutions made by IHSE, Germany. ihse.com

About IBC2015

IBC2015 is the leading global tradeshow for professionals engaged in the creation, management and delivery of broadcasting media and entertainment. The event's unparalleled exhibition and agenda setting conference encompass the very latest developments in broadcasting, mobile TV, IPTV, digital signage and R&D making it essential for everyone's understanding of the industry and its future. ibc.org

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT: 

Media Contacts

Icron Technologies: 

Lydia Ko

Product Marketing Specialist

press@icron.com

IHSE: 

Stefan Ruppert

PR and Marketing Manager

stefan.ruppert@ihse.de

Marimar September 15 2015
MariMar is an upcoming Filipino drama series to be broadcast by GMA Network starring Megan Young, Tom Rodriguez, Lauren Young and Jaclyn Jose. It is set to premiere on August 24, 2015 replacing Pari 'Koy on the network's GMA Primetime block, and also aired worldwide via GMA Pinoy TV. Part 1 Part 2 Part 3 Part 4 — ALTERNATIVE VIDEO — PART 1
PART 2
PART 3
PART 4
PART 5
Pinoy Tambayan | Tambayan Replay

"I need to hit him every single day so he hits homers the next day," Correa quipped.
After the first three-strikeout game of his Major League career in Friday's game and without on-field batting practice due to the early start time on Saturday, Correa headed straight to the batting cages when he arrived at Minute Maid Park.
Those swings led to two home runs in his first two at-bats -- the second multihomer game of his career -- to give the newly minted 21-year-old 21 homers for the season, ty... 
 Read the full article

What is a reasonable number of coffees per day? 

"I had 10 yesterday," said the young woman drinking a 4pm latte at the local bakery cafe. That seems like rather a lot – maybe I mis-overheard her.

Down the road at the Italian fruit and veg barn the checkout operator was sipping from a takeaway cup. "Hot water," she said. "I'm coffeed out. I had two at home this morning and two here."

"How are your caffeine levels?" is a common greeting in the specialty coffee business, where drinking too much is an occupational hazard. But how much is too much?

Australia's National Health and Medical Research Council guidelines are reassuringly vague: "Enjoy in moderation." In the US, the Mayo Clinic hedges: up to 400 milligrams of caffeine a day "appears to be safe for most healthy adults". That's about four filter cups a day, or as many as six espressos on American caffeine content figures – fewer with the higher-dose espresso shots common in Australia.

The real question is not "How much?" but "How many is reasonable?"

In Finland the mid-morning coffee break is legislated into working conditions: as usual, Scandinavia leads in progressive social policy. In Australia it's more of a common law right; the only question is how much time you can spend away from work organising it.

The mid-morning takeaway could be your second of the day if you "need" caffeine to get moving in the morning. One on the way back to the office after lunch would make three – still within the health guidelines, though buying two a day makes coffee a budget line item of its own.

The appearance of Jawbones and Fitbits gives you the means, with a bit of honest cup-accounting and daily scrutiny of the sleep graph, to see when that third or fourth cup has sent you into sleep debt.

But the accounting is complicated by an outbreak at cafes offering batch-brewed filter coffee supported by floor staff bearing refills … how many is that now?

The physical symptoms of over-caffeination include jitters, anxiety, palpitations, increased heart rate, nausea and sweating: not really apparent to casual waitstaff bearing vacupots​ until you get down the list to cardiac arrest, by which time it's too late.

Certificate IV in responsible service of caffeinated drinks, anyone?

The story first appeared on Good Food.

Pressing questions are always asked about my prime-time viewing: 
My wife: “What network is ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine’ on?” I didn’t answer. Instead, I asked: “What
broadcast network did ‘The Mindy Project” air on?” She said: “NBC!”   

It’s a confusing media world for sure. 

“Mindy” was on Fox; now
at Hulu; “Nine-Nine” is going into its third season on Fox, one of the few shows to grow its audience -- 4.87 million in its second season from 4.80 million viewers. So, who cares what
network it’s on? Branding, schmanding! 

On the flip side, there are easy network brand associations: For many in my household, it can be easy to identify the content on networks like Food
and Hallmark, but tough to identify specific shows. 

Over the weekend, I stumbled upon the team-time trial race at the World Road Cycling Championships in Richmond, Virginia -- not on NBCSN, the
sports network-- but on CNBC, NBC’s business news network. I guess this make sense: This time of year I’m “cycling” in and out of stock investments in my
portfolio. 

Seeing content in places you don’t expect? Not a trend. 

Still, NBC regularly uses many of its dozen or so cable networks when it has way too many Olympic events to cover.
Turner airs plenty of NCAA Men’s basketball tournament games on its networks. Viacom recently aired the MTV “Video Music Awards” this year on many more of its cable networks. 

Much of this makes economic sense, with networks looking to monetize increasingly expensive programming assets. 

So with the start of the new season, does it matter that the average TV
viewer might not associate new shows with their networks, like “Supergirl” and “The Muppets”? (“Supergirl” will be on CBS; “The Muppets,” ABC”). 

Yes, you might say broadcasters can have a strong identify: CBS has lots of crime procedurals; ABC has racy and sharp dramas. 

Yet in the future, established TV network brands might want
to be a lot of more than they are.

NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Pandora    is proving to be quite resilient. 
 
Shares of the Oakland-based customized-radio company were spiking Monday on a decision by the U.S. Copyright Office that's expected to favor a payment regimen supported by the music streaming service over those of musician associations. Shares rose as much as 15% on Monday before leveling at $20.72,  a gain of 5.2%. 
 
Pandora shares have been on a roller coaster ride for much of the past year amid speculation that the U.S. Copyright Royalty Board would rule in favor of music publishers and songwriters over the streaming service, and that Apple 's Music app would ultimately inexorably weaken the company.  
 
Neither has yet occurred. 
 
In an e-mailed statement, Netflix  said that the U.S. Copyright Royalty Board would support Pandora's request to use the so-called Merlin/Naxos agreements as benchmarks in its final rate decision. The decision bolsters Pandora's business model of which royalty fees comprise about 50%. To pay higher fees, Pandora had argued, would jeopardize the company's ability to remain solvent. 
 
"We are pleased that the Copyright Office affirmed the admissibility of Pandora's agreement with Merlin as a valid benchmark in the Copyright Royalty Board proceedings," the statement said. "We look forward to the certainty that December's decision will bring, and are prepared to thrive in a number of potential outcomes. Our investments in the business are providing real return, including almost $1.5 billion in royalties to date." 
 
A final decision is expected from the board on Dec. 16. Sound Exchange, an association that represents musicians on royalty issues, and had opposed Pandora in presentations before the royalty board, couldn't immediately be reached for comment. 
 
The royalty board's favorable preliminary decision comes as Pandora shares have actually gained 7.1% since Apple made public the details of its new Music app. Predictions of Pandora's decline as a result of Apple Music have thus far not materialized. That's due to a number of factors, the first being that Pandora's ad-supported service already had 79.2 million users at the end of March 31, a hefty customer base providing an ample head start. 
 
Secondly, Pandora's curated radio model appeals to listeners who may not want to be constantly selecting songs. The dueling apps are a battle between a lean-back vs. a lean-in style of music listening. 
 
And thirdly, Pandora has shown that the great bulk of its users are content to listen to ads rather than pay for subscriptions to avoid them. In effect, Pandora's biggest rival is terrestrial radio rather than services like Apple Music or Spotify .

A bank worker who stole almost £250,000 from elderly or deceased people will be sentenced today.

26 year old Mark Cooney siphoned the money while working at Halifax and Lloyds. At an earlier hearing he admitted five counts of fraud by abuse of position - telling the court he had a gambling addiction. 

He will be sentenced at Plymouth Crown Court this morning.

Thailand-based Minor Hotel Group (MHG), has announced a strategic partnership with Dubai-based Nakheel Group to co-invest and develop a 500-key Avani hotel in Dubai, to  be opened  in 2018. Avani Deira Dubai Hotel will be located in Deira Islands, a unique waterfront entertainment, tourist and residential destination being developed in alignment with Dubai Vision 2020. Comprising four islands situated adjacent to Dubai’s Deira district, with a total area of over 15.3 square kilometres, Deira Islands, developed by Nakheel, will feature a variety of beachfront resorts, hotels and residential communities, a shopping mall, a waterfront night market and an impressive amphitheatre able to accommodate up to 30,000 people. The Avani hotel will be close to Dubai International Airport, with views of the Dubai skyline and across the Arabian Gulf. 

The new-build hotel is the first of MHG’s vibrant Avani brand to be announced in the UAE. Blending genuine hospitality and relaxed comfort with a passion for design, contemporary style and modern lifestyle essentials, Avani offers all the details that matter for a seamless stay that always leaves a great impression. From leisure time to productive business, family friendly attractions and romantic gestures, the Avani  experience is created with all guests’ needs in mind.  
Avani was launched by MHG  in 2011 in response to an increasingly influential group of discerning travellers who appreciate good design and excellent service, but also demand great value. The brand currently has 13 properties in operation in Thailand, Sri Lanka, Vietnam, Malaysia, the Seychelles, Mozambique, Botswana, Lesotho, Namibia and Zambia, with a pipeline of further openings. 

 “We are really excited to announce the launch of our Avani brand in the UAE and also to be entering into a new strategic partnership with Nakheel, such a well respected partner in the region, and one that we plan to enjoy a fruitful ongoing relationship with going forward. Deira Islands is an impressive project and we are very pleased to have the opportunity to introduce AVANI into the Dubai market in this new development,” commented Dillip Rajakarier, CEO, Minor Hotel Group. 

Ali Rashid Lootah , Chairman, Nakheel , said: “Our partnership with MHG  is yet another milestone for our growing hospitality business, and highlights our commitment to creating new tourism concepts in line with the Government of Dubai’s tourism vision for 2021. Our strategy is to join forces with international partners who are serious about being part of Deira Islands, and then bring a range of new, international brands to this new waterfront city." 

 MHG currently has a portfolio of nine hotels in the UAE across three of its brands – Anantara, PER AQUUM and Oaks. A hotel owner, operator and investor,  MHG  has  134 hotels and resorts in 22 countries across Asia Pacific, the Middle East, Europe, South America, Africa and the Indian Ocean.

  Fascinating. But if that folders's never been scanned before on his system, how will MC know what's in there?
Also, and this is admittedly a hair-brained scheme, since I have a matching number '1' folder here in LA, can I send him my .pmr and .mdb files from my number '1' folder, and have him drop them in to his number '1' folder? Or is that just wild crazy talk?
Thanks!
David Dodson
davidadodson@sbcglobal.net
On Sep 29, 2015, at 7:19 AM, Wilson Chao wilsonchao@gmail.com [Avid-L2] <Avid-L2@yahoogroups.com> wrote:
One workaround would be to rename the "1" folder to a non-numeric name; e.g. "A" which will "lock" it so Avid won't bother to scan & re-index it.  This should allow Avid to use the folder's current mediafiles which are probably 99.9% good with the exception of one or two bad files.  This way your director can get to work immediately which gives you time to ship over another drive.
On Tue, Sep 29, 2015 at 10:12 AM, Jeff Hedberg jeff@unioneditorial.com [Avid-L2] <Avid-L2@yahoogroups.com> wrote:
 
David,
One other suggestion.
Do a quick sort by file size to confirm that none of the files are 0 bytes in size.
Sometimes (at least around here) a file copy done on the finder level will THINK it copies the file, but only starts and forgets to fill it full of data.
That, obviously, corrupts the file.
But, yeah, I agree, divide and conquer sucks.
Jeff
------------------
Jeff Hedberg
Director of Operations
Union Editorial
575 Broadway,6th floor
New York, NY 10012
On Sep 28, 2015, at 7:00 PM, bruno@mansi.demon.co.uk [Avid-L2] <Avid-L2@yahoogroups.com> wrote:
Yep, it's a pain in the backside having to use the divide-and-conquer technique.
The other thing you might like to try is to download the free version of the MXF viewer from Telestream, called Switch. It plays the Avid MXF files directly from the numbered media folders. You may be able to identify the corrupt file(s) as they may not play/only partially play correctly.
If you find you get an error at start-up after installing (as I did), the likely reason is that you have to also install the 'Microsoft Platform Update for Windows 7.1'.
Bruno
---In Avid-L2@yahoogroups.com, <davidadodson@...> wrote :
I've got a situation in which MC is freezing upon the scanning and indexing of new media drives.
More specifically, the project was created here in Los Angeles. A copy of all five numbered MXF folders of media was made and sent to Moscow for use by the director. But when he launches MC, and Composer sets in to scan and index the drives now connected to his system, it gets about nine seconds into scanning folder '1', and then just stops. The progress bar stops, and everything just sits there.
I had him take the number 1 folder out of the Avid MediaFiles folder (out of 'MXF', etc.), and place it in a holding folder outside of 'Avid MediaFiles', and then launch again. This time the scan began with numbered folder '2' and successfully completed the scan.
So what I'm assuming is that there is a corrupt MXF file somewhere in folder '1'. The question is, what's the best way to ferret it out? Is there any way — other than systematically removing batches of files at a time and trying to rescan — to filter for corrupt MXFs in a given folder?
Thanks,
DD
David Dodson
davidadodson@...
__._,_.___ Posted by: David Dodson <davidadodson@sbcglobal.net> Reply via web post • Reply to sender • Reply to group • Start a New Topic • Messages in this topic (7) this is the Avid-L2 Visit Your Group New Members 1 • Privacy • Unsubscribe • Terms of Use . __,_._,___

The next Sarawak polls will be held by next year. ― File pic KUCHING, Sept 8 ― Sarawak PKR today urged its counterparts in the DAP to consider reviving the state’s Pakatan Rakyat (PR) pact to enable a more uniformed discussion on seat distribution for the coming state election. 
 
Sarawak PKR information chief Vernon Aji Kedit said discussions on seat allocations would not be possible without DAP’s agreement to rejoin the pact. 
 
“We negotiate on the seat allocation with PAS, our partner in state PR. 
 
“We will not negotiate or discuss on the seat allocations with the DAP unless it rejoins the state PR,” he said. 
 
Kedit said DAP is more than welcomed to return to PR, pointing out that the party was never booted from the pact but had chosen to leave on its own accord. 
 
The local politician also dismissed claims that because of DAP’s departure, Sarawak PR no longer exists. The DAP left PR in Sarawak in March this year as a sign of protest against PAS’s hudud push in Kelantan. 
 
But Kedit said even without the DAP, Sarawak PR was very much “alive and kicking” with its remaining members from PKR and PAS. 
 
On the national level, PR dissolved shortly after the PAS muktamar in June this year when the Islamist party resolved to sever all ties with the DAP. 
 
DAP, PKR and PAS contested in the 2011 Sarawak elections under the state PR platform, which allowed the opposition parties to avoid multi-cornered fights in the state’s 71 seats. 
 
The next Sarawak polls will be held by next year.

South Africa hopes to install 9,600 megawatts (MW) of nuclear power in the next 15 years to address chronic electricity shortages. 

The country currently suffers regular power cuts and is forced to rely on coal fired-generators. 

"We have a transparent budgeting process. I don't see the reason why there should be this anxiety on the nuclear build programme," Nene said on Talk Radio 702. 

Analysts estimate the project will cost as much as $100 billion and there has been mounting concern among opposition parties about the cost and that agreements to build the nuclear plants will be made behind closed doors, without the necessary public scrutiny. 

"As we look at the energy mix, affordability is going to be an issue, its for that reason I think the nation should await the budgeting process, we can't budget in public as people expect," Nene said. 

China, France, Russia, the United States, South Korea, Japan and Canada have all expressed interest. 

Inter-governmental agreements (IGAs) have been signed or are close to signing but opposition lawmakers have said the wording of these differ significantly and seem to favour Russia. 

An energy advisor to the government said in June that South Africa was considering using reactors from Russia's Rosatom and Westinghouse of the United States for its nuclear fleet expansion. 

- Reuters

NEW YORK, NY -- (Marketwired) -- 09/28/15 -- White Ops , the leader in online fraud detection for digital advertising, and Digital Content Next (DCN), the only trade association dedicated to serving the unique and diverse needs of high-quality digital content companies, today announced a benchmark report on the impact of bots on premium publishers. Yet again raising the bar for bot driven ad fraud research, White Ops analyzed 30 Billion impressions across 32 companies in the DCN membership. 

Most notably, the Report found only three percent of DCN advertising impressions came from bots, which are bots not listed in the industry bots and spiders list and known browser list. This percentage is one quarter and one tenth of the bot levels found in display and video inventory respectively as part of the 2014 ANA Bot Baseline research, which was also conducted by White Ops. The Report also found that employing viewability tags as a metric for quality is an inexact tool and an effective cover for bots. 
   
DCN represents the most trusted and well-respected media brands that, together, have an unduplicated audience of 230,604 million unique visitors or 100 percent reach of the U.S. online population.* In the 2015 DCN and White Ops report, 32 DCN member organizations participated and their data was collected over 53 days between June and August 2015. The sample consisted of more than 30 billion total impressions, including more than 16 billion measurable, non-mobile impressions. 
  
"Advertising fraud is an industry-wide problem that needs to be addressed by all participants," said DCN CEO Jason Kint. "This 2015 report should be seen as a tool that allows the industry to study the habits and successful performance of highly trusted premium publishers. We want to see an ecosystem in which every site can rise to the cleanliness standard of the DCN publishers detailed in this report. At the same time, our members must continue to be diligent as fraud is an evolving problem and trust is earned each and every day." 

In contrast to the 2014 ANA Bot Baseline, the 2015 DCN report focused on bot levels in premium direct and programmatic inventory from nationally recognized, high volume publishers with a focus predominantly on display inventory. The 2014 ANA Bot Baseline comprised a broader set of media types, quality levels, site and campaign volumes and other parameters. Some of the most important discoveries in the new data include: 
Smarter than the average bot : Viewability measurement does not reveal human audience rates. Bots are extremely good at spoofing viewability in nearly three quarters of cases studied and bots that come from a host dedicated to fraud have high viewable rates and most frequently post back detailed viewability data. Equal opportunity fraud: In contrast to the nearly 70 percent of bots coming from residential sources in the earlier study, residential traffic was below 50 percent and the remainder was spread more evenly across other categories, including hosted, enterprise and carrier environments, as well as from mobile platforms. Having policy is the best policy: Bot rates appeared to be higher among publishers who sell data to third party data management platforms or were more likely to syndicate content and sell inventory through advertising networks. Searching for trouble: Small traffic recommenders and some search companies had high bot rates -- particularly when coming from certain top-level domains. 
"Measure twice, cut once doesn't work if you can trick the ruler," said Michael Tiffany, co-founder and CEO of White Ops. "The most lucrative websites draw the most talented criminals and bot operators have become very talented. Bots have become so sophisticated at mimicking consumer behavior that we can't trust metrics like viewability. There is no silver bullet for eradicating bot fraud. It takes vigilance, focus and a collective industry commitment to getting better -- or raising the barriers and cost for those who won't." 

Cut...Then Measure 

While the average measured bot level was three percent, there were some premium publishers well below that rate -- in some cases, less than two percent. The policies and standards set by the DCN sample are a good starting point as to where the broader population of publishers can look to reduce bot traffic levels, thereby increasing inventory quality, including: 
Strictly vet third party traffic : Three of the top five publishers with the lowest sophisticated bot percentages sourced traffic from Taboola and/or Outbrain. Do not use viewability as a sole measure of humanity: Publishers with bot rates below the DCN average did not bill based solely on viewability. Maintain visibility and control over inventory : Inventory that was tagged for media type had bot percentages that were well below the average bot percentage of the DCN group. Limit the use of retargeting: The top volume publishers, who did not retarget site visitors, had an average sophisticated bot percentage of 1.79 percent, compared to the higher sophisticated bot average of 2.68 percent for similar publishers who retarget site visitors. 
*Source: comScore, Inc.®, January 2015 

Follow White Ops: 
White Ops on Twitter  
White Ops on LinkedIn  
White Ops on YouTube 

About Digital Content Next 
Digital Content Next (DCN) is the only trade organization dedicated to serving the unique and diverse needs of high-quality digital content companies that manage trusted, direct relationships with consumers and marketers. The organization was founded in June 2001 as the Online Publishers Association (OPA). Comprised of some of the most trusted and well-respected media brands, DCN produces proprietary research for its members and the public, creates public and private forums to explore and advance key issues that impact digital content brands, offers an influential voice that speaks for digital content companies in the press, with advertisers and policy makers, and works to educate the public at large on the importance of quality content brands. Digital Content Next's membership has an unduplicated audience of 223,098 million unique visitors or 100% reach of the U.S. online population.* More information about Digital Content Next is available at https://digitalcontentnext.org/ . 

About White Ops 
White Ops is the leading provider of cyber security services for the detection and prevention of advanced bot and malware fraud, protecting the entire digital advertising ecosystem and enterprise organizations across the globe. White Ops innovative services help organizations improve their bottom lines and ensure the success of their campaigns, business goals, and the security of their systems and data. Unlike traditional approaches that employ statistical analysis, simple blacklisting or static signatures, White Ops effectively combats criminal activity by actually differentiating between robotic and human interaction within online advertising and publishing, enterprise business networks, e-commerce transactions, financial systems and more, allowing organizations to remove and prevent fraudulent traffic and activity. By working with customers to cut off sources of bad Internet traffic, White Ops makes bot and malware fraud unprofitable and unsustainable for the cyber criminals -- an economic strategy that will eventually eradicate this type of fraud. White Ops was recently appointed to the board of W3C. 

Contact: 
Jennifer Torode 
CHEN PR for White Ops 
Email Contact 
(781) 672-3119

A fire in York City that claimed the lives of a senior couple on Sunday was caused by an electrical fault and has been ruled accidental, authorities said. 

The early afternoon blaze started in the front room of the home in the 700 block of Tioga Street, where numerous electronics were plugged into a power strip, said David Michaels, the city fire chief. 

It's unknown whether the fire started at the power strip or the receptacle into which it was plugged, he said. 
 
Firefighters found Anthony and Connie Zorbaugh, 66 and 63 respectively, in the kitchen of their home after responding to a structure fire just after noon, according to the York County Coroner's Office. 

Michaels said firefighters entered the house in search of the couple and, after finding them, brought them outside and attempted to resuscitate them. But their efforts were unsuccessful. 

The Zorbaughs died of smoke inhalation and burns, the coroner's office announced on Monday. 

Michaels said Anthony Zorbaugh had "significant health issues" and had trouble moving around. It appeared that Connie Zorbuagh had been trying to help him get out, the chief said. 

The house is not a total loss, but damage is estimated at $45,000, the chief said. 

— Reach Greg Gross at ggross@yorkdispatch.com . 

——— 
 
©2015 The York Dispatch (York, Pa.) 

Visit The York Dispatch (York, Pa.) at www.yorkdispatch.com 

Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. 

_____ 

Topics: t000037113,t000040408,t0001981

The telephones fell silent and the radio chatter stopped after the second plane hit the World Trade Center. 
 
"On live TV we saw the plane flying in and make impact," said Dayman Perry, commander of operations at Niagara Emergency Medical Services, recalling Sept. 11, 2001. 
 
"There was utter disbelief at what we were seeing." 
 
Perry, a new hire at the Hamilton Central Ambulance communications centre, was undergoing training to become an ambulance dispatcher on that fateful morning. 
 
"After the second strike, there was hardly any radio traffic, no one was talking and the phone was hardly ringing. It was eerily quiet." 
 
That morning, hijackers affiliated with al-Qaida carried out a series of co-ordinated suicide attacks on U.S. soil that claimed almost 3,000 lives. 
 
On that same morning, Lyle Renaud was getting ready for work at a private company doing medical care and first aid. 
 
He was only months away from being hired by Niagara EMS. 
 
"I was getting my uniform on and watching TV and noticed the second plane come in from the corner and strike the right tower," he said. 
 
Renaud was engrossed by the live news coverage of the events. 
 
"What sticks with me most was the first responders rushing in - the firefighters, the police, the paramedics," he said. 
 
"They weren't thinking is this a terrorist attack? They were thinking how many lives can we save." 
 
On the first anniversary of the attacks, Renaud participated in a memorial parade in downtown St. Catharines. 
 
"It was very emotional and difficult to take in." 
 
The emotions, he said, were palpable. 
 
"A lot of people were getting out of their cars and crying. Many were mouthing the words 'thank you.'" 
 
Fourteen years later, Renaud is now an advanced care paramedic with Niagara EMS. The timeline of Sept. 11 remains fresh in his memory. 
 
"I can remember everything I was doing that day," he said. 
 
The events of that day remain vivid for Niagara EMS chief Kevin Smith as well. 
 
Smith was working as the agency's manager of staffing and community services at Niagara EMS' former home at the Hotel Dieu in St. Catharines when the towers were struck. 
 
"I remember coming in and getting set for the day and hearing about a plane that had hit the World Trade Center," he said. 
 
"Back then there was no social media. The news was a little sketchy at the beginning." 
 
After being notified of the second plane attack, Smith went back to the crews quarters and joined paramedics gathered around a TV. 
 
"It was obvious by that time that this wasn't an accident," he said. 
 
Soon after came word of a plane hitting the Pentagon and a fourth crashing into a farmer's field in Pennsylvania. 
 
"My first thoughts were for the people of New York," he said. 
 
"The classifications of our professions are different - whether it be paramedics, police officer or firefighters - but as emergency allies we watch out for each other but at the same point it's our nature to be concerned about the public we serve." 
 
About a dozen firefighters from the Niagara Falls Fire Department travelled to New York in October 2001 to attend firefighter funerals and memorials. 
 
"We are a brotherhood and a sisterhood," said deputy fire chief Phil Ross. 
 
"Any time you lose somebody, you want to be there to acknowledge and honour that person." 
 
The group also attended Ground Zero. 
 
"The remnants of the tower were still standing and the area that was being searched was at least ten storeys high," he said. "Everyone was actively digging through that pile." 
 
Niagara Regional Police Insp. Richard Frayne was among a team of police officers who went to New York City less than three months after the attack to offer peer support to front line emergency workers. 
 
"They were still recovering bodies, there were still fires burning," he recalled. 
 
Accompanied by local mental health workers, the officers, who were all trained in critical incident stress management, would spend upwards of 15 hours a day chatting with New York officers. 
 
"We spoke to people who were among the first officers on the scene and who had lost a lot of friends and who had seen a lot of terrible things," Frayne said. 
 
"It was a very grounding experience and a very sad experience but it was one of the most important things I've ever done." 
 
Meanwhile, Perry visited the site in the fall of 2006. 
 
"There were a lot of people standing quietly, looking on," he said. "New York City is buzzing all the time and this was like a little pocket of quiet." 
 
Ross has visited the site often over the years and has been able to observe the construction of One World Trade Centre, known as the Freedom Tower, and the National September 11 Memorial and Museum. 
 
He returned last August to enter the finished museum for the first time and saw the names of every person who died in the terrorist attacks inscribed in bronze. 
 
"It was very surreal to be back in the spot were everything had happened," he said.

All this month, the Sentinel has been highlighting good things about Central Florida with our "O-Mazing Orlando" feature. 

And as the paper's resident name-taker, I figured I should take — and share — a few names myself. 

So for this installment of "Winning Wednesday," I wanted to highlight people who work tirelessly to make Central Florida a better place to live. Some are unsung heroes. Others are selfless advocates. All are fueled by passion. 

This list has 10 people and organizations. But I could rattle off 10 times that many. Literally. After I took to social media to ask readers for their suggestions for unsung heroes, I received more than 100. 

That alone speaks volumes about the community. 

• Andrea Eliscu , mentor and philanthropist. When Eliscu lost her husband to cancer 15 years ago, she had every reason to retreat from the world. Instead, she embraced it: helping underprivileged kids, women with cancer, aspiring medical students and more. Eliscu's most creative endeavor is probably her dragon-boat project, in which kids from Parramore team up with Orlando cops in rowing competitions, learning to row and work together. That effort alone was profiled recently on NBC's "Today" show. But she has also helped cancer survivors and helped fund a scholarship for the inaugural class of UCF med-school students … in her husband's honor. 
 
• David Odahowski and the Edyth Bush Charitable Foundation. It's hard to overstate the impact this foundation has on our community. We are talking donations of more than $100 million to more than 800 organizations — bolstering art and culture, promoting education, helping the destitute and more. The CEO, Odahowski, and his foundation do much of their work quietly but with widespread, impressive results. 

• Judy Sarullo of Pet Rescue by Judy. A lot of people have a passion for animals. Few turn that passion into a lifetime pursuit. More than 20 years ago, Judy started her crusade to find homes for unwanted animals in Seminole County. Since then, she has helped place pets all over Central Florida — a whopping 60,000 of them — which is why the Sentinel once described Judy as "patron saint of abandoned, abused and unwanted dogs and cats." 
  
• Virtually every public defender. They are overworked, outmanned and underpaid. They are scoffed at by some of their rotten clients. They don't get the time they need to work on cases that truly need it, and yet they can be someone's only hope for justice. Their profession is both noble and inglorious. Frontline prosecutors are in similar boats. The balance of justice often rests with people who aren't making enough money to pay off their law-school loans. 

• The Rev. Bill Barnes . Barnes retired this year as senior pastor of St. Luke's United Methodist Church But he leaves behind a legacy that has both changed — and saved — lives. Barnes believed that no one should suffer because of a lack of health care. That belief led him to found Shepherd's Hope Ministries, which now provides 21,000 free patient visits each year in clinics throughout Orange and Seminole counties. The reins here have recently been taken over by CEO Marni Stahlman , who will carry on the legacy — which includes an impressive 1,800 volunteers. 
 
• Michelle Mangum , director of Seminole Work Opportunity Program for special-needs adults. Michelle's offices are anything but glamorous. They're housed in an old warehouse with a crumbling second floor in a remote part of Seminole County. But there, she presides over a haven and refuge. At SWOP, developmentally disabled adults get a chance to have a job and earn dignity — at the only facility of its kind in Central Florida. Mangum could make more money elsewhere, but it's hard to imagine she could make more of a difference. 

• Joy Wallace Dickinson . Yes, the Sentinel's Joy Wallace Dickinson. Loudmouth columnists such as I may generate more mail. But week in and week out, Joy provides a service like no one else in Central Florida: sharing the stories of Central Florida's history in her weekend "Florida Flashback" column. History is important in any community. But history- tellers are particularly important in a transient community such as ours. Joy continues to fill that role even after retiring from her full-time days here … and we should all be grateful for that. 

• Bob Kodzis , professional inspirer. I first profiled Bob, a leadership and team-building consultant, a few years back when he began his new life-work model of donating half of all his services to local charities. (The title of the piece: "He works one volunteer job for every paying one — and is richer for it.") Well, it's been three years. And Bob's "buy one, give one" lifestyle is still going strong, benefiting nonprofits throughout the region. 

• Lizette Valarino , fulfiller of college dreams. Many students can get accepted to college if they work hard enough. Not everyone can afford to go, though. That was the problem Valarino wanted to solve when she founded the Hispanic Heritage Scholarship Fund. Since she did so in 2000, the fund has provided scholarships to more than 200 students in Central Florida, transforming a whole lot of lives. 

• Donna Dowless , "Ambassador of Love" for the city of Orlando. Sure, the title — bestowed upon her by Mayor Buddy Dyer — may sound silly … until you meet Dowless and realize how genuine she is about promoting the upside of the City Beautiful. Dowless is a downtown artist with hip glasses and a cool coif who promotes and embraces all things Orlando and artistic. She's everywhere and all positive, all the time. There's a reason most of her artwork involves hearts. 

I have many more winning names to take — including Dr. Marvin Hardy , singer Mr. Richard , the leadership of Orange County's Legal Aid Society and more. 

To learn more — or nominate unsung heroes of your own — visit OrlandoSentinel.com/takingnames . 

smaxwell@tribpub.com 
 Copyright © 2015, Orlando Sentinel

Err on the side of caution rather than over-estimating what you can do.
Work within the bounds of your known and measurable restrictions.
Jupiter opposing Neptune this month means a need to regulate an overabundance of confidence in some area of your life.
Slow your usual pace and take into account what's reasonable.

(CNN) -  
At least 15 people have drowned and dozens more remain missing after a boat carrying at least 70 people capsized off the coast of western Malaysia on Thursday morning. 
 
Thirteen of the dead were women, according to First Admiral Mohd Aliyas Hamdan from the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency (MMEA), and all the victims are believed to be Indonesian nationals. Another 19 passengers, including 18 men and one woman, have been rescued. 

The 12.2 meter (40 foot) boat was traveling from Kuala Sungai Bernam, off the west coast of Malaysia to Tanjong Balai, Indonesia when it capsized about nine nautical miles south-west of Tanjong Sauh in the Malacca Straight, the MMEA said. 

Local fisherman were the first on the scene and rescued 14 people before contacting the MMEA, which then deployed ships and an airplane in a search and rescue operation. 

The search was suspended on Thursday night, but local district police chief, ACP Mohd Shuhaily Mohd Zain, said efforts would continue on Friday. 

Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak offered his condolences on Twitter to the families of those who died. 

"The boat capsize in Sabak Bernam is a sad incident. The Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency (MMEA) will continue with the search and rescue operation. Al -Fatihah and my condolences to the families of passengers who were killed," he tweeted, according to an English translation from Malaysian state media. 

The MMEA said the boat had most likely sunk due to overcrowding or bad weather, although further investigation was needed to determine the details of the sinking and the exact number of people who had been on board the boat.

PARADISE VALLEY, Ariz. , Sept. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- DeCaro Luxury Auctions has announced the absolute auction of 6721 East Cheney Drive in Paradise Valley, Arizona on Saturday, September 26, 2015 . The 11-bedroom, 12.5-bathroom estate sits on three acres of land and is comprised of three properties including the main home, the guest house and the casita, as well as three courtyards.  

"6721 East Cheney Drive is bold, beautiful and never boring, taking outdoor living and entertaining to a new level. During the daytime the estate can serve as a private resort where the owner can unwind in the pool's lazy river, relax in the shade of palm trees or soak in their outdoor spa. At night, the estate can transform into the perfect place to dine and drink with family and friends, with several outdoor wet bars, fireplaces and entertaining areas," said Daniel DeCaro , CEO and founder of DeCaro Luxury Auctions. "Homes of this size and quality that authentically blend old- and new-world design are extremely rare. The auction of this breathtaking estate is an opportunity for someone to purchase their own piece of paradise." 
   
The main entrance to 6721 East Cheney Drive is marked by custom cast iron doors that open to the property's large center courtyard, which has Cantera stone columns and is paved with reclaimed Chicago bricks. All interior finishes provided by the JR McDade Co. The Paradise Valley mansion's extensive grounds also feature a 120,000-gallon swimming pool with a lazy river, a shallow water play area and a spa with a cascading waterfall. A curved rail bridge connects the main land to an isolated island in the pool with palm trees and shaded lounge chairs. 

The Main Home 
The 15,259-square foot main home includes seven bedroom suites with full bathrooms, and two additional half bathrooms. The home's master retreat has a sitting area with a fireplace and a wood beamed ceiling, as well as a private master courtyard that can be accessed through the master bathroom and features a walk-in spa and an outdoor fireplace. The master bedroom's oversized walk-in closet features built-in shoe racks and garment shelves, as well as a center island illuminated by a chandelier. Its ensuite master bathroom features his and hers vanity sinks, a free-standing claw foot tub and an oversized walk-in shower with a second door to the private master courtyard and spa. 

The main home's gourmet kitchen features Sub Zero and Wolf appliances, including a double oven, two sinks and two dishwashers. A connected butler's pantry for catering and service professionals offers a separate oven with a six-burner stove, a refrigerator, two warming drawers and a dishwasher. 

Additional amenities in the main home include a state-of-the-art screening room with theater-style seating; a billiards room with another wet bar; and a wine cellar. 

The Guest House 
The 5,724-square-foot guest house is situated next to the main home in the property's third courtyard, which is marked by original Mexican doors. This portion of the property includes three bedrooms, two full and two half bathrooms, as well as four fireplaces. Living and dining areas include an indoor basketball court with a wet bar and lounge area, a chef's kitchen, a great room with a wet bar, a home office, a library and a laundry room. 

The Casita  
The 1,230-square-foot traditional casita is situated adjacent to the guest house and features one bedroom, 1.5 bathrooms, an office and an exercise room. The casita also has a second-story balcony with a view deck, a ramada that provides shade and a rectangular gas fire pit. On the ground floor beneath the balcony, there is a wet bar within feet from the pool area.   

6721 East Cheney Drive is located in the heart of Paradise Valley, Arizona where homeowners are less than 10 minutes away from fine dining at restaurants like Fleming's Prime Steakhouse and LON's at The Hermosa Inn, high-end shopping at Fashion Square and hiking at Camelback Mountain. The estate is also just 20 minutes from The Scottsdale Airpark and Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.  

6721 East Cheney Drive is open for prospective buyers to view beginning on Saturday, September 5, 2015 and continuing every Saturday and Sunday, from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. until auction day. The last scheduled Open House will be held the day before the auction on Friday, September 25, 2015 from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Additional private tours are also available by calling DeCaro Luxury Auctions at 1.800.332.3767. 

The absolute auction of this private estate will be held onsite at 6721 East Cheney Drive, Paradise Valley, Arizona on Saturday, September 26, 2015 at 11:00 a.m. Broker participation is invited. 

For additional information on this auction, as well as other DeCaro auctions please, call 1.800.332.3767 or visit www.DeCaroAuctions.com . 

About DeCaro Luxury Auctions 
Founded by Daniel DeCaro , a licensed real estate broker and luxury property auctioneer, DeCaro Luxury Auctions has been auctioning luxury properties of distinction for more than 35 years. DeCaro has settled billions of dollars in luxury assets, executing flawless nationwide live auctions.  DeCaro is the foremost leader and innovator in the field of auctioning luxury estates. For more information, call 1.800.332.3767. 

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150914/266157  

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/auction-announced-for-paradise-valley-arizona-mansion-a-garden-oasis-in-the-desert-300142282.html 

SOURCE  DeCaro Luxury Auctions

The mystery of the booming noise above Manchester appears to have been solved... after TV scientist Brian Cox confessed to a jet fighter joyride in the skies above. 
 
Hundreds of residents in Greater Manchester reported hearing a ‘loud, pulsating’ sound in the sky on Wednesday night - with theories ranging from lightening storms to UFO invasions. 
 
But physicist and broadcaster Brian Cox has provided perhaps the most plausible explanation after posting an online apology for making a racket at 30,000ft. 
 
This afternoon, the Manchester University professor Tweeted his 1.6m followers: “Thanks @BAESystemsAir for a hell of a ride last night, and apologies to the North West of England for noise.” 
 
Accompanying his post was a picture of the former D:Ream keyboardist wearing a pilot’s jumpsuit and posing beside a Eurofighter Typhooon. 
 
Thanks @BAESystemsAir for a hell of a ride last night, and apologies to the North West of England for the noise. pic.twitter.com/Pbm5GW34x9 
— Brian Cox (@ProfBrianCox) September 17, 2015  
Hundreds of people had reported hearing the sound, also described as a pulsating bass, with some stunned listeners saying the rhythmic pulsing seemed to ‘move’ too. 
 
It is not yet known whether the University of Manchester professor’s ride on the £70m aircraft which has a top speed of 1,320pm - twice the speed of sound - was for the filming of a new show. The defence manufacturer BAE has bases in Preston and Blackburn. 
 
But his revelation provides perhaps the most likely explanation for the phenomenon’s source. 
 
However, his apology hasn’t stopped dozens of people getting in touch with the M.E.N to offer their own explanations. 
 
Many people suggested that the noise could have being made by a Russian Antonov An-12 cargo plane which flew over Manchester at around 11pm. 
  RELATED:  
One, @sambop21, tweeted: “it was an Antonov plane out of Birmingham, which climbed over Manchester heading north. They’re very loud.” 
 
But others said they had heard the noise many times over the last few months and a vast amount of others came up with a few more fantastical conclusions as to what was responsible for the racket. 
 
Michael Wright, alongside a number of alien emojis, said: “It’s aliens bro! ALIENS!!!!!!” 
 
Kervin Becinal said: “It was United fans still crying from Luke Shaw’s injury. Get well soon lad!” 
 
While Joe Wood added: “My guess is, with it being Freshers week for a lot of students, all the music in the nightclubs synced for a short period of time, meaning that the pulse of the beat was amplified.”

) Richmond, BC -- Consumer’s Nutrition Center , the popular site for supplement sales in Richmond, has announced that Richmond health supplement customers may purchase top-quality athletic supplements. This availability of supplements is consistent with the company’s historical goal of enabling customers to make the healthy choice for themselves. 

“We’ve been selling health foods, vitamins, and supplements for more than 35 years, and we have no plans to stop just 
   
yet,” declares Marvin Steffin who owns and runs Consumer’s Nutrition. “We’ve always upgraded our services to meet the demands of our customers, and making intense work out supplements available for our Richmond customers is a natural progression.” 

Consumer’s Nutrition Center has become a fixture in the Richmond supplement industry, and it is a favorite source of health supplements in Greater Vancouver . The staff offers exemplary advice regarding the types and brands, and the retail price us usually 20% lower than the usual price offered by their competitors. They have also won the Richmond News Reader’s Choice Award for Nutrition a total of 10 times. 

“We offer a wide variety of health supplements online, and by going to our website our customers can find our entire list of offerings.” reveals Steffin. 

Consumer’s Nutrition offers numerous supplements for those who are trying to build muscle. Usually, diet alone cannot offer the necessary nutrients that a muscle builder needs to bulk up. 

“We offer muscle formulas and weight gain products, and we have lots of brands available,” says Steffin. “Muscle builders need a lot of protein, and for them we also offer many different brands of beef proteins, egg proteins, and whey protein isolates.” 

Other work out supplements in Richmond include electrolyte formulas, creatine, glutamine, and BCAA products. These are all available at the Consumer’s Nutrition website. 

“We also offer formulas for natural pain relief in Greater Vancouver ,” says Steffin. “We also provide meal replacements and we even have vegetarian protein for those who only prefer to consume plant life.” 

Of course, vitamins are also available as well. Vitamins are one of the most sought after supplements, and many people are deficient in certain types of vitamins due to their insufficient diet. With Consumer’s Nutrition center, such deficiencies can then be corrected. 

“We have just about every type of vitamin and mineral available at Consumer’s Nutrition,” asserts Steffin. “They come in different forms, and some are even made expressly for children.” 

Detox products and even natural cosmetics are also available at Consumer’s Nutrition for Richmond customers. 

“We believe in providing what the customers need,” says Steffin. “That’s how our company has thrived for more than 35 years.” 



About Consumer’s Nutrition Center: 
Consumer’s Nutrition Center is a trusted supplier of online supplements in Richmond. They are located at 1318-6551 No. 3 Rd, Richmond, BC, V6Y2B6 and can be reached by phone at (604) 270-0007. To learn more, visit the Consumer’s Nutrition website at http://www.consumersnutritioncenter.ca/or watch their many Youtube videos at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOe8R1ZbJErlDhtrI5CtVVQ

Company News: Page (1) of 1 - 09/01/15     print
	    	page      Through 30 days of videos, Haven Life's social media campaign #TalkAboutIt aims to raise awareness about life insurance and its benefits   (September 01, 2015)  
BOSTON , Sept. 1, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Death is an uncomfortable subject for Americans. So is financially planning for death. During September's Life Insurance Awareness Month , the recently launched online life insurance agency, Haven Life , will encourage people to #TalkAboutIt in order to open up the dialogue around the importance of life insurance. 
  
Starting today, and throughout September, Haven Life will share one video a day across its social channels- Facebook (facebook.com/havenlifeinsurance), Twitter (@HavenLifeInsure) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/company/haven-life). These videos will span educational 101s, heartfelt commercials from throughout the world, life insurance satires, issues discussing death and more. All videos will be posted using #TalkAboutIt. 
 
"Our goal is to feature all the great life insurance content that is already available online and rally around this industry wide campaign," said Yaron Ben-Zvi , CEO and Co-Founder of Haven Life. "A large portion of Americans who need life insurance are putting off purchasing a policy, which puts their loved ones at financial risk if they were to die. We hope that by sharing educational, compelling and even funny content, people will stop viewing life insurance as a daunting subject and start embracing that it's a necessary part of your financial plan. It's time for more people to talk about it." 

 
Haven Life offers the only solution for buying fully medically underwritten term life insurance online, demystifying the typically time-consuming and confusing life insurance purchasing process. 
 
Visit the Haven Life blog to see the first video of the campaign. If you have a favorite video or life insurance story to share, we encourage you to join the conversation using #TalkAboutIt. 
 
About Haven Life 
 
Haven Life ( https://havenlife.com ) provides the only solution for purchasing medically underwritten term life insurance entirely online. Our aim is to transfer the typically time-consuming and confusing process into one that's easier, faster and just plain better. 
 
Haven Term* is designed to be applied for and approved in real-time. When you apply for Haven Term, you receive an immediate decision and coverage can begin right away. 
 
Haven Life Insurance Agency, LLC is backed and wholly owned by MassMutual. For more information, please visit https://havenlife.com . 
 
*Haven Term is a term life insurance policy issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual), Springfield, MA 01111 and offered exclusively through Haven Life Insurance Agency, LLC. 
 
Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150515/216394LOGO  
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/online-life-insurance-innovator-haven-life-encourages-you-to-talkaboutit-during-septembers-life-insurance-awareness-month-300135406.html 
 
SOURCE  Haven Life 
  
Copyright 2014 PR Newswire.  All Rights Reserved 
 
Page: 1  
 
Related Keywords: Broadcast, Production/Post, Commercials, Video, 

Source:PR Newswire.
 All Rights Reserved

Criminal charges filed recently against a Houston company over a 2012 offshore oil platform fire that killed three workers appear headed for a resolution. 
 
Neither federal prosecutors nor defense lawyers for Black Elk Energy Operations would comment Friday on whether plea talks are underway. 
   But on Thursday, a federal judge in New Orleans set three proceedings for the morning of Oct. 20: an initial appearance, an arraignment and then a re-arraignment listed on the docket as a change-of-plea hearing. 
Black Elk was charged with six criminal counts alleging violations of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act and the Clean Water Act in connection with the November 2012 fire off Louisiana's coast.

August
Producer Price Index: Actual 0.0%, Briefing.com consensus -0.1%, Prior +0.2% August Core Producer Price Index: Actual 0.3%, Briefing.com consensus 0.1%, Prior +0.3% September Michigan Sentiment: Actual 85.7, Briefing.com consensus 91.5, Prior 9.19 August Treasury
Budget: Actual -$64.4 bln, Briefing.com consensus -$62.0 bln, Prior -$128.7 bln

Interesting fact I learned yesterday: When he was a young man, the French writer Voltaire once rigged the French lottery, winning millions of livres, the French currency of the day. Having wealth meant that he did not have to supplicate to kings, nobles, or organizations for commissions to write. As a result, he was free to write what he pleased, rather than what patrons wanted to read, and he developed into one of the great satirists of the 18th century. 
 
Gladys Knight performs at the Orpheum tonight at 8 with special guest Jammin’ Jay Lamont. Tickets are $62.50-$82.50. 
 
WWE Monday Night RAW comes to FedExForum Monday night. Start time is 6:30, when they tape a couple of matches for the B-show (Superstars, I think) and then RAW starts at 7. Tickets start at $15. 
From the Flyer: A beginner’s guide to the WWE 
 
The Daily News reports that big things are happening for the Memphis Farmers Market . With Central Station’s planned expansion, the market will have a chance to expand to a larger space facing Front Street. Several years ago a study indicated that the farmers market has a $4.5 million impact on the area. Although there are other vendors besides farmers – everything from pottery to dog treats to popsicles to salsas – MFM wants to keep the market about 60-65% farmers, and farmers get first bids on booth space. Another big event coming up for the market is MFM@10, a celebration of 10 years at the market to be held Sunday, September 20 from 5 to 8 PM. It will be held at the Tennessee Brewery and will be the public’s last chance to see the brewery before renovations begin. 
 
A second Daily News article reports that MATA is seeking a $200,000 grant to redevelop space as expanded parking and to serve as a new home for Memphis Farmers Market. 
 
The owner of Bedrock Eats & Sweets at the corner of Main and Vance was on WREG Live at 9 and gave a cooking demo making a pork enchilada omelet . 
 
Memphis Tigers Basketball (@Memphis_MBB) reports that alum DJ Stephens has signed with the Cleveland Cavaliers. Congratulations to him. 
 
Scientists have discovered a new human species in South Africa. Meet Homo naledi . Fifteen partial skeletons believed to be almost three million years old have been found. This new species can’t be ruled out as the possible base species of the Homo genus. 
 
Apple announced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus yesterday. From Gizmodo: Don’t buy a 16GB iPhone! Apple shouldn’t even sell them. Here’s a look at why Apple keeps 16GB iPhones around . 
 
Paul Morris who runs DMC tweeted a photo of demolition equipment on South Main and said, “Remember the Buffalo Mural Wall? RIP” He went on to say that interior designer Lee Pruitt owns this property and Paul hopes he cleans it up. Paul said the DMC tried as hard as they could to save the wall, offering to help the owner fund community space behind it, but the owner ignored them. He also said when they re-did the sidewalk in South Main, they saw-cut it around the wall as opposed to using a jackhammer, so it would be preserved. Finally, however, the blighted property could not be ignored any longer. 
 
That’s the news for today. I’ll be out after work, probably Silly Goose then Blind Bear. Not planning a second post today, but you never know.

Date: 30th September 2015 at 7:09 pm 
Source: The Transfer Tavern » Transfer Rumours 
 A large section of Chelsea supporters gathered around the cocktail bar in the Transfer Tavern this afternoon, mulling over an article in the Daily Mirror, which featured intriguing news …

If the Brewers' top prospect  had a huge 2015 season, his postseason can be considered absolutely enormous. 
 
"Orlando Arcia keeps on doing it," Double-A Biloxi manager Carlos Subero said. "He's a special player. With Orlando, the big thing is, the higher the challenge is, the higher he's going to go in the game." 
 
Arcia homered for a third consecutive playoff game, going 2-for-3 with three RBIs and a walk in the Shuckers' 7-1 win over visiting the Chattanooga Lookouts. The victory gave Biloxi a 1-0 lead in the best-of-5 Southern League Championship Series. 
 
The 21-year-old shortstop, who slashed .307/.347/.453 with 52 extra-base hits and 25 stolen bases over 129 Double-A games this year, socked a two-run dinger to left-center field off Chattanooga starter D.J Baxendale in the third inning. 
 
"Like the previous two, you could tell he got a good pitch to hit," Subero said. "They got him to break his bat [on a first-inning popout], but he made the adjustments and came back and was ready for them." 
 
He singled in a run against Baxendale in the fifth, giving MLB.com's No. 12 overall prospect multiple hits in all of the Shuckers' four playoff games this year. He's 10-for-16 (.625) with 10 RBIs and six runs scored since the semifinals against Pensacola opened on Sept. 10. 
 
"He had big at-bats. He gets it done when it counts," said Arcia's manager. "That's the kind of player he's been all year. He's been hitting around .370, .380 with runners in scoring position all year. He likes the moment. 
 
"He [homered on] a fastball in, and he thought they were going to start him with the offspeed. He's always thinking along with the game, looking for sequences. It's not only his talent, it's that he puts himself in a position to succeed. Sure enough, first pitch, they give him a curveball, and -- boop! -- up the middle. That tells you something." 
 
Milwaukee's No. 2 prospect Brett Phillips, who was acquired by the Brewers from the Astros in the Carlos Gomez deadline deal , hit his first home run of the postseason after missing the last two weeks of the regular season with an irritated nerve in his thumb. 
 
"It's been great," being able to slot him in the lineup, Subero said. "He got hurt there for a while and only got to play in two games in Pensacola. We all know about his tools -- he covers a lot of ground in center field, and he's been good. It was good to see him hit that one." 
 
The club's No. 9 prospect Jorge Lopez allowed a run on four hits and a walk while striking out six over seven innings to improve to 2-0 with an 0.66 ERA in the playoffs. He finished the regular season 12-5 with a 2.26 ERA over 24 starts spanning 143 1/3 Southern League innings. 
 
"With Jorge, he became a pitcher. He knows how to pitch. He knows what he's got that night. It might not be the changeup, it might not be the curveball, it might not be the fastball early on, but he knows how to work with what he's got," Subero said. "He started that about two-and-a-half months ago, and he hasn't stopped. [Pitching coach] Chris [Hook] has done a tremendous job working with him." 
 
The Shuckers host Game 2 at 8:10 p.m. ET on Thursday. 

Josh Jackson is a contributor to MiLB.com. This story was not subject to the approval of the National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues or its clubs.

Agents with the Federal Bureau of Investigation have served search warrants at the Palm Springs City Hall based on allegations of a crime, according to a local news report.
 Read Full Article at…  
Agents with the Federal Bureau of Investigation have served search warrants at the Palm Springs City Hall based on allegations of a crime, according to a local news report. 

Agents arrived at City Hall at 9 a.m. PT, telling all employees to drop off their work cellphones and exit the building, according to KESQ. The FBI agents said they would be on the scene for hours in the search for evidence. 

The Riverside County District Attorney's Office and agents with the Internal Revenue Service are also on the scene, KESQ reported. 

No one is in…

Marcus Trescothick will extend his famous career into a 24th season after agreeing a new contract with Somerset. 
 
		 
Club captain Trescothick, who will be 40 on Christmas Day, has played for his native county since making his first-class debut as a teenager in 1993. 
  Marcus Trescothick will play on into his 40s for Somerset   
The 2005 Ashes-winning opener is one of four players to have signed new deals at Somerset, who have confirmed a one-year contract for him and two-year agreements with Max Waller, Jack Leach and Josh Davey. 

			 
Somerset director of cricket Matt Maynard said: "Marcus is the absolute model professional and has contributed a tremendous amount to this club. 



 
"While he is coming to the twilight of his career on the field, his experience and knowledge are second to none and he still has a very important role to play at Somerset both on and off the field." 

Trescothick played more than 200 times for his country across the formats, including 76 Test caps, and has 56 first-class hundreds. 


         Copyright PA Sport 2015, All Rights Reserved

Beijing, Sept. 21  — Bracing for its ambitious plan to land an unmanned spacecraft on the moon before returning to Earth, China has shipped a carrier rocket from Tianjin port for a rehearsal of a scheduled Chang'e-5 lunar mission around 2017. 
 
 
It will be the first drill carried out in a launch site that involves both the carrier rocket and a probe, the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense said. It did not locate the launch site. 
 
The Long March-5 carrier rocket was designed by China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology with the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation. 
 
It is scheduled to make its first trial flight in 2016. 
 
With a payload capacity of 14 tonnes to geostationary transfer orbit, the largest carrying capacity in China, the rocket will greatly increase China's ability to enter space. 
 
China plans to launch its Chang'e-5 lunar probe carried by the Long March-5 carrier rocket around 2017 to finish the last chapter in China's three-step (orbiting, landing and return) moon exploration program. 
 
The final phase involved landing the rover and return back to earth. 
 
Chang'e-5 is expected to achieve several breakthroughs, including automatic sampling, ascending from the moon without a launch site and an unmanned docking 400,000 kilometers above the lunar surface. (PNA/PTI) 
 
JBP/SSC

SAN FRANCISCO, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 09/21/15 --  Impact Hub San Francisco , a co-working and events space for social impact professionals taking action to drive positive change, announces its expansion to 1899 Mission St., making a long-term, real estate commitment in the Mission District. Impact Hub San Francisco is part of MissionHUB , a network of Impact Hub co-working campuses in San Francisco, Berkeley, New York, Philadelphia, and Washington, D.C., and the Social Capital Markets Conference (SOCAP) for impact investing. 
  
"Part of our mission is responsibly engaging neighborhoods where we do business," said Tim Nichols, Managing Director of Impact Hub SF. "We will work more closely with organizations based in the Mission, because of the new proximity, mutually growing the community and impact of friends, both old and new. There is a lot of 'Mission' speak, and we are thrilled!" 
   
Strategic partners include Beyond 12, Google.org Impact Challenge, and Presidio Graduate School, each acting as core community members. The expansion brings a 20% increase to Impact Hub SF's campus, growing to 25,000 square feet. One block from the 16th-Street BART, the three-story campus will include an outdoor space, expanded meeting space, and a ground-floor events space that accommodates public programming, accessible to a wider audience. Newly available will be showers, additional bike parking, nursing rooms, and a permanent-desk option for stationary work styles. 

The organization also has environmentally ambitious plans, having contracted Gelfand Partners Architects, a B Corp certified Bay Area architecture firm that specializes in sustainable design. 

"We are working to create what we call the 'Prius of Co-working,'" says Eryc Branham, CEO of MissionHUB. "We are expanding to a building we plan to bring to Zero Waste by 2020. We are also working with Herman Miller as a strategic partner with products like their Sayl Chair, which is Net Zero Water, Net Zero Energy, and Zero Waste. As we progress, we will share additional plans for more environmental features." 

This expansion arrives on the heels of Impact Hub SF's Five-Year Anniversary. To celebrate the new campus, Impact Hub SF will be hosting various events, including a "Parking Lot Party" during the construction phase. Sign up here for our newsletter , featuring new memberships, events, updates, and more. 

ABOUT 
Impact Hub San Francisco is a co-working & events space for a membership community of entrepreneurs, activists, creatives, and professionals taking action to drive positive social and environmental change. 

MissionHUB supports social innovators in building sustainable businesses that drive long-term social and environmental change. Our Impact Hub co-working and events space campuses, in San Francisco , Berkeley , New York City , Philadelphia , and Washington, D.C., foster a membership community of entrepreneurs, activists, creatives, and professionals taking action to drive social innovation. Our Impact Hubs are part of the global Impact Hub network of more than 11,000 members. Since 2008, our Social Capital Markets Conference (SOCAP), has been dedicated to accelerating a new global market at the intersection of money & meaning. Our annual flagship event in San Francisco is the largest conference for impact investors and social entrepreneurs. 

** News and content distribution provided by 1800pr.com 

CONTACT 
Marissa Feinberg 
marissa@missionhubllc.com 
(917) 494-5

A wind-driven wildfire in northwest Nebraska burned nearly 1,800 acres of grassland Tuesday. 
  
Firefighters from five volunteer fire departments, the U.S. Forest Service and two single-engine air tankers extinguished the Dawes County blaze in about four hours. Brian Prosser, chief of the Crawford Volunteer Fire Department, said that a mechanical failure on a hay baler was the likely cause of the fire. 
     Subscription Required  
 An online service is needed to view this article in its entirety.  You need an online service to view this article in its entirety.  
  Login    Online services    Current print subscribers   
 Need an account? Create one now.  
   You must login to view the full content on this page.          
 Thank you for reading and relying on Omaha.com for your news and information. You have now viewed your 30 day allowance of 15 free Omaha.com articles. 

If you are an Omaha World-Herald Subscriber please click here. 

If you are not an Omaha World-Herald Subscriber and would like to have Unlimited access to all Digital Products please click here.

If you have any questions or need further information please call 402-346-3363 or 1-800-234-6942 or email customer.service@owh.com  You need an online service to view this article in its entirety.  
  Login    Online services    Current print subscribers   
 Need an account? Create one now.

A motorcyclist was killed Wednesday in a collision with a driver who was turning onto a residential street, Jacksonville police said. The rider, whose name has not been released by police, was eastbound in the 6900 block of Argyle Forest Boulevard about 9 p.m. when a vehicle turned south onto Bishopswood Drive. Witnesses told police the motorcycle was traveling at a high rate of speed when it collided with the other vehicle. The motorcyclist died at the scene. The other driver was not hurt.   Dana Treen: (904) 359-4091

The trial of former Hey Dad! star Robert Hughes was not fair because he was the subject of "poisonous and vile" social media posts, the NSW appeals court has heard. The trial of former Hey Dad! star Robert Hughes was not fair because he was the subject of "poisonous and vile" social media posts, the NSW appeals court has heard. Hughes is appealing against his conviction and sentence for sexual and indecent assaults on young girls in the 1980s, arguing his trial was a miscarriage of justice.

NSW District Court Judge Peter Zahra sentenced Hughes to a non-parole period of six years, with a maximum term of 10 years, after a jury found him guilty in April last year.

Hughes' barrister, Phillip Boulten, SC, told the NSW Court of Criminal Appeal on Monday that the trial miscarried in part because of pre-trial publicity and commentary on social media.

"This was a case where there was ... poisonous vilification of [Hughes] not by mainstream media, but by very persuasive social media that involved the most poisonous and vile publicity from which no one could ever recover.

"There was a deliberate attempt made by people on social media to poison the well. A lot of the material that was published [was] deliberately contemptuous."

Mr Boulten said there were social media posts about Hughes, which received "millions and millions of views".

Many of the posts were designed to vilify the actor, and did so, the barrister said.

Justice Margaret Beazley, the president of the NSW Court of Appeal, queried whether the court should consider social media posts and mainstream media coverage separately.

"The mainstream media coverage was comprehensive ... that might be one thing that's not unusual.

"Social media is another thing. I think we need to look at it separately at least in the first instance.

"You're going to have to show how social media impacted on the trial.

"One [form of coverage] was likely to trigger the other. Apart from that, I don't know if there was any connection."

Mr Boulten also gave a detailed history about one of the complainants in the Hughes trial giving paid media interviews in 2010.

The court heard the woman and another prosecution witness gave interviews to Channel Nine's A Current Affair and to Woman's Day magazine, in a publicity deal organised by agent Steve Moriarty.

"[The woman] signed a one-year publicity agreement with him and she was involved in a number of interviews where she received a payment and he received a commission," Mr Boulten said.

Hughes, who is in Goulburn jail, did not appear in court for his appeal, and did not wish to be on audio-visual link.

The appeal continues before Justice Beazley, Justice Monika Schmidt and Justice Richard Button. The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

If you subscribe to the newspaper, you receive FREE access to all the exclusive content of the web site!  Simply register to receive uninterrupted access to our award-winning and in-depth local online content!    Renew Current or Past Subscription / Register for Online Subscription  
If you currently subscribe or have subscribed in the past to the Henry County, then simply find your account number on your mailing label and enter it below. 
 
Click the question mark below to see where your account ID appears on your mailing label.

For the first time, the Food and Drug Administration has ordered a major tobacco company to stop selling brands of cigarettes. 

The FDA on Tuesday ordered the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company to stop selling for brands: Camel Bold Crush, Vantage Tech 13 and the regular and menthol versions of Pall Mall Deep Set Recessed Filter cigarettes. 

The FDA has ordered other cigarettes off the market before, but those actions involved much smaller companies selling much less popular cigarettes. 

The agency says it took the action because R.J. Reynolds had failed to prove the brands were no more dangerous than brands that have been on the market longer. 

"These decisions were based on a rigorous, science-based review designed to protect the public from the harms caused by tobacco use," Mitch Zeller, director of the FDA's Center for Tobacco Products, said in a statement. "The agency will continue to review product submissions and exercise it's legal authority and consumer protection duty to remove products from the market when they fail to meet the public health bar set forth under law." 

Congress gave the FDA authority to regulate cigarettes for the first time in 2009. Among the agency's new powers are the authority to require new brands to prove they pose no more risks to smokers than cigarettes that were put on the market before Feb. 15, 2007. 

The FDA says R.J. Reynolds had failed to show the four brands that have been ordered off the market do not expose smokers to more harmful chemicals, higher levels of menthol or new ingredients. 

R.J. Reynolds didn't immediately respond to a request to comment.

Learning Express Toys released its list of 2015 Fall Top Toys, all of which make terrific gifts! Visit your neighborhood Learning Express Toys location for the best selection of fun, educational toys with exceptional play value. While there, check out the demos for each of our Top Toys listed below. Craft-Tastic String Art Kit 

Features all of the materials that children need to create colorful string canvases. Push pins into sturdy foam canvases and wrap them with colored string to construct included designs or create your own design. Ages 10+ 

Melissa & Doug Mess-Free Glitter Sets 

Mess-Free Glitter eliminates the stray glitter that comes along with other glitter craft kits. Stick the glitter sheets in place and peel them away to reveal a sparkling creation. The Mess-Free Glitter Treasure Box and Jewelry Set is exclusive to Learning Express Toys! Ages 4+ 

Two Bros Bows 

These toy bows and arrows allow safe, imaginative fun. The foam-tipped arrows and easy-to-handle bows come in many colorful patterns. Two Bros Bows were invented by brothers Duncan and Hayden, at ages 10 and 7! Made in the USA! Ages 6+ 

Hop & Squeak Pogo Jumper 

Jump to the sky with the Hop & Squeak Pogo Jumper. The built-in squeaker squeaks with every hop. This pogo jumper made of soft foam and rugged, stretchy bungee material can be used either indoors or out. Ages 3+ 

Mini Playbook Flag Football Set 

This flag football set is ideal for teaching football fundamentals. Call plays like a pro with diagrams right on the ball! Includes five yellow and five red belts. Ages 5+ 

Ring It! 

Quickly flip your cards until you find a color, number or pattern combo. Be first to clap your hands and ring the bell, but make a mistake and you'll face a penalty. It's fast-paced, noisy fun for two to nine players! Ages 5+ 

The Cube 

Set a new speed cube record with this classic puzzle game. Solve it faster with anti-popping technology, rounded corners for quicker turning and solid stickers. Ages 6+ 

Letters to My Baby 

Use the fill-in prompts to write letters your baby will unfold and treasure someday. Each letter can be individually sealed with the included stickers and opened on a specified date. Letters to My Baby is the perfect gift for any parent! 

About Learning Express Toys Learning Express Toys is the nation's leading franchisor of educational toy stores with more than 130 locations across the country, each one locally owned and operated. Providing an extraordinary shopping experience, Learning Express Toys is known for its knowledgeable sales staff that offers expert advice on choosing the perfect toy, for every child, for every occasion. The Learning Express Toys product mix is carefully selected from manufacturers around the world, and each toy has exceptional play value. A birthday gift registry, free gift wrapping, free personalization, and civic fundraising make each Learning Express Toys store an integral part of its community. 

http://media.globenewswire.com/cache/23470/small/35820.jpg 

http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/ti?nf=MTMjMTAxNDgxMDUjMjM

Pierce Brosnan has said he may be over 60 but he can still throw a punch and he is not ready to retire from action just yet. 
 
The former James Bond star revealed he is planning a sequel to his 2014 film The November Man, in which he played an ex-CIA man who found himself pulled out of retirement for a special mission. 
 
Pierce said: “I’m 62 years of age and so you just have to be aware that unless you’re really physically fit you can damage yourself pretty fast in these pieces. So there will come a slower time, yes. 
 [embedded content] 
“I’m aware of my physicality as a man, as an actor and you can only do action movies for so long, and then it’s time to bow out gracefully and let younger men do it. 
 
“But I think I can still run, I can still throw a punch, it remains to be seen…” 
 
He added: “We are going to try and do a November Man 2. I got away with the last one and I think this next one, if everything goes to plan, will up the ante a little bit more, give it a bit of a sheen and just juice it up a little bit more.” 
 [embedded content] 
Pierce stars alongside Salma Hayek and Jessica Alba in new romantic comedy Lessons In Love, which also stars 72-year-old Malcolm McDowell as his father. 
 
The Mamma Mia! star said: “Malcolm was a kick in the pants! He’s actually as charming and reverent and naughty and as bold as the day he was born. He is a unique talent, from the landscape of thespians. I was very, very proud to work with him, that he wanted to work with me was an utter joy. 
 
“I did say, ‘Listen you’re too young to be my father, this is crazy! But I don’t care, if you want to do it, do it.’ And that’s what happened.” 
   
 Share article  
   
Lessons In Love is in cinemas now and available on demand courtesy of Arrow Films.

[GlobeNewswire] – DUBLIN – Sept. 8, 2015 – Medtronic plc (NYSE: MDT), the world`s leading medical technology company, today announced it will participate in the Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference on Wednesday, September … . . . → Read More: Similar Articles: Stock Update (NYSE:MDT): Medtronic Launches the Entrust(TM) Delivery System in the United States Stock Update: Medtronic Inc (NYSE:MDT) – Medtronic CEO Omar Ishrak to Speak at Goldman Sachs Global Healthcare Conference Market Update: Medtronic Inc (NYSE:MDT) – Medtronic CEO Omar Ishrak to Speak at Sanford Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference

The global economic divergence which weighed on the US Federal Reserve's decision on Friday to hold rates near zero will be back on show this week with crucial central bank meetings in some of the countries most affected by the Chinese slowdown and weak commodity prices. The global economic divergence which weighed on the US Federal Reserve's decision on Friday to hold rates near zero will be back on show this week with crucial central bank meetings in some of the countries most affected by the Chinese slowdown and weak commodity prices. For starters, some analysts are tipping a second rate cut for the year in Norway, which has been grappling with slower growth and rising unemployment because of the slide in oil prices.

The Scandinavian country is the world's seventh largest oil exporter, and much of its industrial output is connected with the energy sector. Some analysts see gross domestic product slowing this year to 1.25 per cent from 2.25 per cent last year.

The response of Norges Bank, the country's central bank, has been to gradually cut the overnight lending rate - known as D-loans - from 2.5 per cent at the end of last year, to 2 per cent now. The policy bank deposit rate, meanwhile, has come down from 1.5 per cent to 1 per cent.

Norges Bank's executive board gathers on Thursday for its scheduled September meeting, with a further cut in the deposit rate in prospect.

​ "We think that the Norges Bank will cut its policy rate from 1 per cent to 0.75 per cent," wrote Capital Economics economist Jack Allen.

Like Australia, which relies on commodity exports and Chinese demand for an important part of its growth, Norway has been caught up in the emerging market slowdown wrought by growing imbalances between global supply and demand.

Although prices of key minerals and agriculture products have stabilised in recent months, ongoing concerns about the true state of the Chinese economy, added to built-up - and so far unrealised - expectations of start to the first US tightening cycle in almost a decade have fuelled capital flight from commodity-exporter countries.

Tellingly, emerging market assets rallied on Friday when the Fed announced its decision to keep interest rates at their historic low of between zero and 0.25 per cent. This, however, is unlikely to last, says analysts.

"The increased focus on China by the Fed makes the timing of lift-off more uncertain and means an even greater focus will be placed on - sometimes questionable - Chinese monthly economic data," said UBS's head of investment strategy Tracey McNaughton.

"Unfortunately for investors, this therefore means volatility is here to stay a little longer," she said.

While the decline in commodity countries' currencies has helped exporters and import-exposed companies, some have fallen too far, stoking imported inflation and driving up the cost of US-denominated debt for companies and governments.

Brazil is a case in point. Battered by capital flight, the Banco Central do Brasil has been tightening monetary policy since mid-2013, with a series of increases pushing its reference rates from 7.25 per cent to 14.25 per cent today.

This tightening comes despite recession in South America's biggest economy, with the subsequent fiscal imbalances leading to a recent cut in Brazil's sovereign credit rating to "junk" status.

South Africa is another emerging market where investor outflows, and widening current account deficits, have trumped the need to stimulate a slowing economy. Like with Australia, China is South Africa's biggest single trading partner, and softening demand and metals prices have hit the economy hard.

"We have been affected by China's slowdown," Ngoako Ramatlhodi, the country's minister of mineral resources, told journalists in Hong Kong at the weekend

"Exports have dropped; diamond prices are going down.

"About 19,000 jobs in the mining industry are at risk," he said.

Many analysts are now tipping the South African Reserve Bank (SARB) to hike rates from 6 per cent to 6.25 per cent on Wednesday, although the Fed's decision on Friday may have "added to the risk of another delay in the SARB's tightening cycle", according to Capital Economics' economist for Africa John Ashbourne.

After losing more than 25 per cent of its value against the US dollar over the past year, the South African rand has begun to strengthen in recent weeks as investor flows return in anticipation of higher rates.

Even the Brazilian real, which has lost more than 60 per cent against the greenback in the past 12 months, received a little boost from the Fed's reluctance to lift rates on Friday.

However, the overarching global narrative remains the Fed's concerns about global growth, say analysts, and this will refuel negative sentiment about emerging markets.

"Global developments are clearly an influence on the Fed's policy moves; that much was again confirmed [on Friday]," wrote Australia and New Zealand Banking group's economics team.

"So if that is the main driver of the Fed not hiking, and it seems to be, it is hard to see why the rally in some emerging markets and commodity currencies, which has emerged over recent days, should persist for too long." The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

SOURCE Flowers Foods, Inc.

Increases ownership to 612,000 shares

THOMASVILLE, Ga. 

About Flowers Foods 

Headquartered in Thomasville, Ga. 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/flowers-foods-president-and-ceo-exercises-options-300146471.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

There was no wooly thinking on display as Regimental Mascot Derby has been rewarded for his good behaviour with an Army promotion.

The Swaledale Ram, one of only seven official mascots in the British Army, hoofed it onto parade as the 2nd Battalion The Mercian Regiment celebrated its Formation Day at Dale Barracks in Chester.

The ram, formerly Private Derby 30th was promoted to Lance Corporal Derby and is now entitled to wear a single stripe on his uniform. Derby was resplendent in his scarlet coat with Lincoln green and gold facings, emblazoned with the Regiment's main Battle Honours: a replica of the India Mutiny Medal, a General Service Medal 1962 with the clasp Northern Ireland, two jubilee medals and a recent Op Tosca (Cyprus) medal. 

On his forehead is a silver plate embossed with the Regimental Cap Badge.

Private Derby received his promotion from the Colonel of the Regiment, Brigadier Andrew Williams.

Jason Becker
Thank you Warmoth Guitar Products for making this nostalgic guitar for me! When I was 9 years old, I saw the movie, The Last Waltz, about THE BAND’s final concert. Seeing Robbie and Clapton made me want to become a lead guitarist. For this movie, Robbie Robertson had his guitar dipped in bronze, which I thought looked so cool. Every time I see it, it brings back the same feelings I had the first time I saw The Last Waltz, and dreamed of being a lead guitarist.
I wanted to have a replica of this guitar, so I asked Warmoth if they could do it. Christina Hudson wrote me back saying they would be happy to. Aaron Cheney wanted to do it for free, and my buddy, Jeff Kiesel at Carvin, gave the okay.
Christina first tried to find some guitar painters who could make it look just like bronze, but she finally thought that we should have it dipped in bronze, just like Robbie had done. She found a place that Robbie’s son had used to bronze his guitar. It looked exactly right!
Christina and Warmoth nailed every detail; the bronze body, the middle and bridge pickups put together, and the Telecaster knobs on a Strat.
Thanks to my friend, Brian Acuff, I had the neck already.
I can’t thank Warmoth enough for this beautiful gift, which brings back the great memories of when I first fell in love with the electric guitar. I also thank my awesome guitar company, Kiesel Guitars Carvin Guitars, for letting Warmoth do this for me.

  
 
  
 

 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
If you think you have it figured out wait for me to ask for a call around 7:20 on 100.9 FM KXOJ!  I will ask for caller #4 to solve the puzzle and if you get it correct you win $50.00! If it’s past 7:20 Tuesday the 15th of September 2015 just wait on the new puzzle to appear tomorrow! 
 
The category is song lyrics :) Makes sense right? 
 
Remember to watch Chief Meteorologist Mike Collier tonight at 6 followed by Wheel of Fortune on Tulsa’s Channel 8! 
 
-Dave

by Stephen Foster
Slumber, my darling: thy brother is near
Guarding thy dreams from all terror and fear
Sunlight has passed, and the twilight has gone
Slumber, my darling: the night's coming on
Sweet visions attend thy sleep
Fondest, dearest to me
While others their revels keep
I will watch over thee
Slumber, my darling: the birds are at rest
The wandering dews by the flowers are caressed
Slumber, my darling: I'll wrap thee up warm
And pray that the angels will shield thee from harm
Slumber, my darling: till morn's blushing ray
Brings to the world the glad tidings of day
Fill the dark void with thy dreamy delight
Slumber, thy brother will guard thee tonight
Thy pillow shall sacred be
From all outward alarms
Thou, thou are the world to me
In thine innocent charms

Pacific Lutheran University, a private, liberal arts college in Tacoma, Wash., is likely to be in breach on agreements governing $54 million in bond debt for the second year in a row, forcing the school to negotiate a waiver or face default.  

 In recent years, the school has seen declining enrollment and fewer freshman applicants, ratings agency  Standard & Poor's  Ratings Service said in a downgrade notice Friday, putting pressure the university's financials. The troubles have made it difficult for Pacific Lutheran to keep the ratio of its financial resources to overall debt at the level required by the bond agreement....  
  

                            Document DJFDBR0120150921eb9ljkfsy

Members of the New Castle County mounted police force patrol around Rodney Square on Friday morning. (Photo: KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL) 

WILMINGTON With mourners still gathering to grieve the loss of Thomas “Cannibal” Cottingham, who was stabbed in Rodney Square on Monday as he intervened to protect a mother and her child as they were being chased by a man with a knife, police officers launched a campaign for a more visible law enforcement presence in the square on Friday. 

The New Castle County Police brought out their mounted patrol to be stationed in the square, the heart of the city’s central business district, and Wilmington police officers patroled on bikes and in marked cars. 

“This isn’t about combating crime, this is about making people feel safe,” said Col. Elmer Setting, pointing to the six officers on horseback that lined the green Friday morning. 

Setting said the county has also launched a mobile patrol unit in Wilmington to bolster the efforts of the city department, but residents and those who were walking around the area on their lunch break seemed drawn to the mounted patrol, coming up to pet the large Clydesdales and snap a photo. 

“For the kids it is just fun,” said Sheila Carn, whose sons Javier and Ezekiel stood in awe looking up at the horses. 

While her children took in the spectacle, Adam Young, who recently moved to the Residences at Rodney from Philadelphia, said the stabbing just around the corner is disconcerting. 

He said the slaying was a random act that could have happened anywhere, but the fact that it happened around the corner is shocking. 

“You don’t expect that to happen,” said Young, who added he thinks the area is a little dangerous. 

“Even during the daytime I wouldn’t walk terribly far.” 

Aaron Stansell, a kitchen managers at Ernest and Scott Taproom, flagged down police after the alleged assailant, Calvin Hooker III, walked by the restaurant. 

“I know Wilmington is dangerous,” said Stansell, who was recently robbed at gunpoint near 8th and Orange streets while walking to his car after work one night. 

“They just walked up to me and put a gun to my head,” Stansell said. The robbers got away with $40 and Stansell’s cell phone. 

“I think people pretty much know that it’s dangerous and so they don’t live here or come here,” he said. 

Stansell said he only continues to work here because it is good money. 

Sheila Carn, who lives in Riverside, said the increased police presence is about safety. 

“I think it is good because we need more cops,” Carn said. While she has her own concerns about her neighborhood, Carn said it is also needed in Rodney Square where people congregate and loiter for hours. 

“This is a big population for drugs. People sleep here,” Carn said, admitting she doesn’t take the bus alone at night and tries to leave work before it gets too dark. 

In addition to the stabbing on Monday, a man was shot in the chest on the 800 block of N. West Street in January inside an apartment. The area around Rodney Square typically sees crime like thefts from buildings and robberies, according to city crime data. 

For Haley Peoples and Amy Riddell, who work in the Nemours Building, the presence of police and the mounted patrol are a relief. The women said while they have never been the victims of violence, they know co-workers who have, some having their cell phones stolen as they walked to their cars. 

“Just seeing the mounted patrol and knowing that they are there makes you feel better,” Riddell said. “And I know is that someone is watching my back.” 

Peoples said the violence has made her think twice about working in downtown Wilmington, but hasn’t been enough of a problem to make her leave. 

“I have a family to look out for,” Peoples said. 

Paige Mikstas, who also works downtown, said she feels unsafe walking and crime is definitely one of the factors keeping her from moving into Wilmington. 

“I have friends who live on Market Street and sometimes will stay after work,” Mikstas said. “I think if they don’t live close by, people try to avoid the area after, like, 7 p.m. or 8 p.m.” 

Mikstas said she is uncomfortable walking around in the city after dark. 

“You just have to take the general precautions like don’t walk around alone, walk fast,” Mikstas said. “My dad always told me to look pissed off when walking alone and feeling uncomfortable, because then no one will bother you.” 

Downtown Visions, a public-private organization aimed at improving the downtown, offers safety escorts for employees walking to their vehicles or to public transportation, to help ease any fears, said Marty Hageman, the organization’s executive director. 

Between July 2014 and June 2015, the “safety ambassadors” were called to 4,556 safety escorts, Hageman said. 

“The number of requests tends to decrease when it is warmer out and increase in the winter, when the sun sets earlier,” he said. 

WSFS bank, which employs about 275 people in Wilmington, said they often share safety tips with employees, including encouraging them to use the safety escort services offered by Downtown Visions, said spokeswoman Cortney Klein. 

The Delaware College of Art and Design does the same with students moving into dorms in the Wilmington Campus and provides information for the safety escort program to them. 

“We carry security guards in our buildings and in our residence halls and we have key cards and video monitoring,” said Jason Mokar, director of student services at the school. Mokar said the school has never had any issue with violence or safety concerns, but takes precautions like on any college campus. 

The call for an increased police presence was heard loud and clear from the business community earlier this year as some threatened to consider relocating from downtown. 

Wilmington Police Chief Bobby Cummings said his department has worked to increase the presence in the central business district, and the help of New Castle County Police will boost the patrol numbers there. 

Wilmington Mayor Dennis P. Williams echoed Cummings, saying the city cannot afford to lose businesses, so there must be a sustained law enforcement effort downtown and there must be an effort to address the homeless who gather as well as those who suffer from drug addiction or mental illness. 

That effort by police hasn’t gone unnoticed by businesses, said Richard Heffron, the head of the Delaware State Chamber of Commerce. 

“I know they are trying,” said Heffron. 

Mac Nagaswami, CEO of Carvertise, located in the Hercules Building at 1313 N. Market Street, said he and his employees haven’t ever had a problem with crime and feel comfortable walking around downtown. 

“The reality is here in downtown there is such a large visual presence so everybody feels safe,” Nagaswami said. 

But for residents who live in the area, crime is a persistent and serious concern. 

Ben Cohen, president of the Midtown Brandywine Neighbors Association, said his group has reached out to police asking for additional patrols and surveillance. 

“I think we are pretty concerned about crime,” Cohen said, adding that one of his neighbors was held at gunpoint a few weeks ago, but escaped unharmed. “There is a concern about public safety in the city at the moment.” 

Mike Hare, senior vice president for Buccini/Pollin, a development group that has several apartment buildings in downtown Wilmington, including on Rodney Square, said the company polls its residents about living downtown and safety has not been a top issue for most. 

“People who choose to live downtown are used to more mess than most,” Hare said, adding that any kind of violence is unacceptable and a concern for those who work and live in the area. 

“I think some people are shaken by the incident this week,” Hare said. “As long as these incidents don’t continue and there is an appropriate police response it will be OK. We remain advocates as a company for improved public safety deployment in the city and have long been advocating for mounted patrols to come back, but our goal is to eliminate the concern.” 

Cohen, whose neighborhood is just a few blocks from Rodney Square said he is encouraged seeing more and more officers on the street. 

“I believe they are doing the best they can,” he said. 

Brian Lofink, who lives in the Midtown Brandywine neighborhood and works downtown, said right now things seem pretty safe, but if crime continues to increase and move toward his neighborhood, it could be a reason to think about moving out. 

“I could see it becoming an issue at some point,” he said. 

Contact Jenna Pizzi at jpizzi@delawareonline.com or 324-2837. 

Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1F7nA5N

The Borderline Bassmasters will be auctioning off a pheasant hunt for ten lucky hunters for November 21st at the Lantz Ranch. Proceeds will help fund members who qualified to fish at the Central Regionals for the South Dakota State Team. Bids can be called into DB'S Bait and Tackle at 842-2199. Bids will end October 31st.

Will criminal Callum Logan survive Coronation Street's highly anticipated hour-long live special episode which goes out tonight? 
 
		 
Bookmaker William Hill has made the character, played by Sean Ward, the favourite to be killed off with odds of 1/8 on this outcome. 
  The Coronation Street live episode is part of ITV's 60th birthday celebrations (ITV/PA)   
"Around 80% think Callum will be killed off tonight, but there is every chance that the current storyline is a double bluff," William Hill spokesman Rupert Adams said. 

			 
T he Platt family are taking centre stage and the odds on David (Jack P Shepherd) dying are currently a 6/1 shot, while his half-sister Sarah-Louise (Tina O'Brien) and wife Kylie (Paula Lane) are both 8/1 to be bumped off. 



 
During the episode, which marks ITV's 60th birthday, the Platts are caught up in a war with violent, manipulative Callum, but Sarah-Louise runs into trouble when she takes him on; what will her ex-boyfriend do in retaliation? 

This will be producer Stuart Blackburn's swansong as Emmerdale's current producer Kate Oates will soon take over ITV's biggest soap. 

Blackburn is leaving the role to work on other projects within ITV, but will remain at the helm for the live episode. 

In the best tradition of Coronation Street, viewers are promised drama, comedy and tears. 

			 
"At the heart of all this is going to be the Platts and their ongoing feud between the good guys - and whoever thought David Platt would be one of the good guys? - and Callum," Blackburn told the Radio Times. 

"It's going to be full of shocks and twists and really will make everything that has come before look like a prologue." 

The live episode will also see a big secret revealed as Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine) is set to find out about the illicit kiss shared between fiancee Sally Webster (Sally Dynevor) and her ex- husband Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell). 

The on-air drama will be accompanied by a second screen experience as fans will be able to watch via their laptop, mobile or tablet as the episode is being made on itv.com and Facebook. 

			 
The stream is hosted by Stephen Mulhern, who is also presenting an after-show called Coronation Street Live: Uncovered on ITV2 at 10pm. 

By the end of the ITV transmission, one viewer's tweet or Facebook message will be seen on the blackboard  in the famous Rovers Return pub. 

Viewers will also be able to choose the music at the leaving party for Lloyd Mullaney (Craig Charles) and Andrea Beckett (Hayley Tamaddon)  in an interactive poll on Facebook and Twitter. 

Coronation Street cast and crew will be hoping everything goes smoothly and that no-one repeats the mistake of EastEnders star Jo Joyner who,  as the BBC soap's Tanya Branning, called Albert Square's Ian Beale "Adam", the name of actor Adam Woodyatt during their live episode. 

Coronation Street's live episode airs tonight at 7.30pm on ITV. 

			 

         Copyright (c) Press Association Ltd. 2015, All Rights Reserved.

[RFI] Algeria's President Abdelaziz Bouteflika has replaced his powerful intelligence chief General Mohamed Mediene, better known as General Toufik, who served 25 years as head of the DRS intelligence service. The presidency said 76-year-old Mediene had retired but provided no further details.

[caption id="attachment_11873" align="aligncenter" width="660"] Sunset over Daru - Daru is one of the busiest of Papua New Gunea's islands in the Gulf of Papua[/caption]

05 September 2015, Papua New Guinea: A year after my last visit, there I was again, standing at the balcony of the New Century Hotel in Daru, watching houseboats, dugout canoes, and dinghies prepare to settle on the beach below as the tropic sun started to sink into the distant horizon.  The island of Daru is the former capital of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.  It is a small dot in the Gulf of Papua just a few kilometers away from the mainland and very close to the border with Australia.

[caption id="attachment_11893" align="aligncenter" width="1024"] Daru Island is connected by domestic flights to the country's capital, Port Moresby, to Kiunga, the political capital of Western Province, and to some nearby destinations by 'missionary flights'.[/caption]

I visited Daru for the first time in 2012 and I've been coming almost every year.  In 2014, I posted a series of photos taken on this island.  Nothing much has changed since then but, when standing on that hotel balcony, there is always something exciting, a photo opportunity posed by the boats as well as the men, women and children living parts of their somewhat unique and difficult lives on the beach below.  The succeeding series (parallel to the "Faces of Goroka" series) is all about life about this small island in the Gulf of Papua.

[caption id="attachment_11878" align="aligncenter" width="660"] These boats are always present on the eastern coast of the island[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11883" align="aligncenter" width="660"] Big dug-out canoes turned into houseboats mostly came from the mainland, from the upstream villages along Oriomo and Fly rivers.[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11875" align="aligncenter" width="660"] Motorized dinghies such as these mostly come from coastal villages just across the channel from Daru[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11874" align="aligncenter" width="660"] Aside from the public offices, banks and hardware stores; the main thing that draws the boats from the mainland vilages to Daru Island is this produce market.[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11890" align="aligncenter" width="660"] Whole families arrive in boats[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11891" align="aligncenter" width="1024"] They bring with them produce from their farms and gardens such as coconuts, bananas and sago[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11892" align="aligncenter" width="1024"] Fish and other bounties of the sea such as mud crabs, crayfish and shrimps are also among the produce being delivered to Daru mostly by a seafaring, coast-dwelling tribe called Kiwai.[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11879" align="aligncenter" width="1024"] This man brings a sea turtle to the island market. Turtle stew is a local favorite.[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11896" align="aligncenter" width="660"] Just like men, women also lead in carrying products to the market[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11882" align="aligncenter" width="1024"] Theystart displaying their products at the open market early in the morning[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11876" align="aligncenter" width="660"] One section of the market displays sago, and other agricultural products. Fish and other aquatic products are displayed in another section of the market[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11895" align="aligncenter" width="660"] Garden products do not sell too quickly and so the families have to stay on the island for days.[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11880" align="aligncenter" width="660"] While on the island, the boats become the family's temporary home[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11881" align="aligncenter" width="660"] A mother does her laundry while her husband sells bananas at the market[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11886" align="aligncenter" width="660"] Small kids stay inside the boat all day...[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11884" align="aligncenter" width="660"] ... Or play on the boats' outriggers[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11885" align="aligncenter" width="660"] ...Until the mother comes home[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11887" align="aligncenter" width="660"] If they were lucky and their goods have been sold out, the mother comes home to the boat with fresh supplies for their village home[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_11889" align="aligncenter" width="660"] And more supplies are loaded until, when the tide comes up and the boat is filled with fresh supplies; the family will finally set sail towards their home village only come again on this shore another day.[/caption]

Gentlemen of the Press, I have called you here on behalf of His Excellency, Mr Ayodele Fayose, the governor of Ekiti State to address you on the strangeand anti-democracy conducts of the Department of State Security (DSS) since Alhaji Lawal Daura took over as the Director General. Yesterday, the Akwa Ibom State Government House in […] 

The post appeared first on Pointblank News.... 
 
Published By: Point Blank News - Today

Home -  Home - 
     India - 
                 Rediff - 24 September 2015 06:34 
So it was surprising when a young Team India, led by Dhoni, made it to the final of the inaugural 2007 T20 Championships in South Africa. They met arch-rivals Pakistan in that thrilling, summit clash. 

Read Full Article on Rediff >> 

Tags : When, Dhoni, brought, World, home, 2007!

FRESH from touring the country with an open air production of Wind in the Willows, Ben Sherlock is set to go head-to-head with the Chase star Anne Hegerty after landing the title role in Jack and the Beanstalk. 
 
It will be Ben’s first foray in to the world of panto, as he says: “I haven't done panto before. 
 
“I'm not the cheesiest of people so I'll probably be cringing at myself internally but it's all fun. 
 
“I really liked the look of the company which always makes an actor feel comfortable in what they're doing. 
 
“Wind in the Willows had plenty of audience interaction so I think that'll prepare me for what's to come.” 
 
“I’m really looking forward to getting started and working with some familiar faces.” 
 
And he’s hoping there might be some added benefits of having brain box Anne as a fellow cast member when she stars as Fleshcreep at Ellesmere Port Civic Centre, Heywood Civic Centre and Radcliffe Civic Centre this Christmas. 
 
He adds: “Apparently she's great fun to work with. Hopefully she'll come along to a pub quiz, I might have a chance with her on my team.” 
 
But it’s not the only thing in the pipeline for Ben, who will soon be in front of the camera for a worthy cause as well as on stage. 
 
“I'll be shooting a short film for the Teenage Cancer Trust within the next couple of months. 
   
 Share article  
   
“It's important to get a mix of stage and screen as actors can so often be pigeon holed, ultimately restricting the work you can get. 
 
“It’s wonderful to be working for such an amazing charity too.”

SOURCE Affectiva

Latest patent transforms content recommendations with emotion-based personalization

BOSTON 

"Affectiva is the only company in the world with a patent that recommends media content driven by a person's emotional response. We believe this will not only transform how users engage with content and express their preferences, but will also dramatically improve how content providers make recommendations, now that they can personalize experiences based on emotion," said Nick Langeveld 

The patent for invention number 9,106,958 entitled "Video Recommendation Based On Affect" is for software that analyzes a person's emotional reaction to media content and makes recommendations based on that emotional response. Someone could watch a video and, rather than capture a response by clicking on a star or "thumbs up" rating, that person's true, moment-by-moment emotional reaction is captured while the video is playing. Then other content is suggested based on the mood that was elicited by the prior viewing. For example, content provided by YouTube™, Netflix™, Hulu™, or other media publishers could be emotionally ranked as they are watched by numerous people. These emotional responses then serve as input to video recommendation engines. This broad patent also covers the application of emotion-based recommendations in games, movies, educational content, and various other media. 

This invention enables Affectiva to provide the next generation of content feedback, transforming not only how we review, rank and rate digital content, but also how publishers and social platforms will serve up content recommendations.

"We are inundated with videos and other types of digital experiences. The abundance of digital media makes it hard for us to pick from all these choices," says Dr. Rana el Kaliouby, co-Founder and Chief Strategy and Science Officer at Affectiva. "Our emotions are great drivers of interest, and now with Affectiva's technology, we can get recommendations based on our emotional engagement, truly personalizing our digital experiences."

Affectiva has already commercialized some of these capabilities, specifically the ability to measure and analyze at scale a person's emotional response to digital content. In use by over 1,400 brands today, including Unilever™, Mars™, Kellogg's™ and CBS™, Affectiva's emotion algorithms are built on its massive emotion data repository of more than 3.3 million faces analyzed in 75 countries.

This new patent expands Affectiva's patent portfolio to include in excess of 50 issued patents and pending applications in the US. The portfolio covers emotion enablement of computing devices, mobile technology, wearables, and the Internet of Things being applied to digital experiences, mobile apps, gaming, consumer and business applications, market research, and the Internet. Affectiva has developed a robust patenting strategy that is managed dynamically and empowers all employees to develop patenting ideas for review.

About Affectiva

Affectiva, the global leader in emotion analytics and sensing technology, brings emotional intelligence to the digital world. Using optical sensors, such as cameras, Affectiva technology and science map people's facial expressions into emotions, unobtrusively and at scale. Affectiva has amassed the world's largest emotion data repository – 3.3 million faces analyzed from over 75 countries amounting to more than 12 billion emotion data points. Its emotion analytics platform Affdex is used by one third of Fortune Global 100 companies and over 1,400 brands, including Unilever, Kellogg's and MARS to understand consumer emotional engagement, optimize business processes and improve customer experiences. Affectiva's technology is also applied to emotion-enable digital apps and experiences to become more interactive and responsive to our emotional state.

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150921/268700-INFO 

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150421/200220LOGO 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/affectiva-issued-patent-that-provides-video-recommendation-driven-by-emotions-300146189.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

  HILTON HEAD DESTINATION JEWISH WEDDINGS ; RABBI ARTHUR SEGAL   RABBI ARTHUR SEGAL RABBIASEGAL@AOL.COM WWW.HILTONHEADJEWISHWEDDINGS.COM/WEDDINGS WWW.SAVANNAHJEWISHWEDDINGS.COM/WEDDINGS WWW.HILTONHEADJEWISHINTERFAITHWEDDINGS.COM/WEDDINGS JEWISH WEDDINGS CONTACT RABBI ARTHUR SEGAL AT RABBIASEGAL@AOL.COM JEWISH WEDDINGS OFFICIATED BY RABBI ARTHUR SEGAL: TRADITIONAL, INTERFAITH, CO-OFFICIANT, DESTINATION "One of the Joys of being a Rabbi," says Rabbi Arthur Segal," is working closely with the bride and groom and officiating at their wedding." He can do this with couples living near by or with couples having a destination wedding in the greater beautiful Hilton Head Island area. Rabbi Arthur Segal helps develop a custom ceremony with the couple so that each word in the ceremony rings true to them. His ceremonies can range from the very traditional to what ever the couples desires. Rabbi opines that this is the couple's special day, and to treat each wedding as unique. For those who are having an interfaith wedding, Rabbi takes special care to respect both traditions, again with total input from the couple. He will be pleased to co-officiate at weddings, using non-Trinitarian language. Rabbi Arthur Segal also will do recommitment marriage ceremonies with the same care as he does weddings. Rabbi will work closely with the wedding planer and/or caterer to make sure the wedding is seamless, and the bride and groom can totally enjoy themselves on their special day. Rabbi Arthur Segal is available, and actually prefers, to be at the rehearsal, to ensure all is going smoothly, and to get to know the bridal party, and family, before the actual wedding day. For those that wish to have a Ketubah, rabbi will work closely to make sure everyone's name has correct calligraphy on the document, in English and Hebrew, so the signing ceremony is flawless. For a beautiful gallery of Ketubahs go to JudaicConnection.com  (My couples receive a $15 shipping discount) Rabbi Arthur Segal tries to limit his weddings to Hilton Head, SC, Bluffton, SC, Palmetto Bluff, SC, Savannah, GA, and Charleston, SC, but has been known to make himself available elsewhere, even out of the USA. He will also conduct weddings and recommitment ceremonies on cruise ships. In keeping with Jewish ethics, if the couple resides in Rabbi Arthur Segal's town, Rabbi will ask, unless there are some special circumstances, if the couple has first asked the local pulpit rabbi to officiate. JEWISH WEDDINGS CONTACT RABBI ARTHUR SEGAL AT RABBIASEGAL@AOL.COM JEWISH WEDDINGS OFFICIATED BY RABBI ARTHUR SEGAL: TRADITIONAL, INTERFAITH, CO-OFFICIANT, DESTINATION HILTON HEAD JEWISH WEDDINGSWWW.HILTONHEADJEWISHWEDDINGS.COM/WEDDINGS HILTON HEAD JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGSWWW.HILTONHEADJEWISHINTERFAITHWEDDINGS.COM/WEDDINGS SAVANNAH JEWISH WEDDINGS WWW.SAVANNAHJEWISHWEDDINGS.COM/WEDDINGS HILTON HEAD DESTINATION JEWISH WEDDINGS HILTON HEAD CO-OFFICIANT JEWISH WEDDINGS SAVANNAH DESTINATION JEWISH WEDDINGS SAVANNAH CO-OFFICIANT JEWISH WEDDINGS CHARLESTON JEWISH WEDDINGS CHARLESTON JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS CHARLESTON JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS CHARLESTON JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS KIAWAH ISLAND JEWISH WEDDINGS KIAWAH ISLAND JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS KIAWAH ISLAND JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS KIAWAH ISLAND JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS ISLE OF PALMS WILD DUNES RESORT JEWISH WEDDINGS ISLE OF PALMS WILD DUNES RESORT JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS ISLE OF PALMS WILD DUNES RESORT JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS ISLE OF PALMS WILD DUNES RESORT JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS PALMETTO BLUFF RESORT JEWISH WEDDINGS PALMETTO BLUFF RESORT JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS PALMETTO BLUFF RESORT JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS PALMETTO BLUFF RESORT JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS BLUFFTON SOUTH CAROLINA JEWISH WEDDINGS BLUFFTON SOUTH CAROLINA JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS BLUFFTON SOUTH CAROLINA JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS BLUFFTON SOUTH CAROLINA JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS TYBEE ISLAND GEORGIA JEWISH WEDDINGS  TYBEE ISLAND GEORGIA JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS TYBEE ISLAND GEORGIA JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS TYBEE ISLAND GEORGIA JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS SEA ISLANDS GEORGIA JEWISH WEDDINGS  SEA ISLANDS GEORGIA JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS SEA ISLANDS GEORGIA JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS  SEA ISLANDS GEORGIA JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS CLOISTER RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH WEDDINGS CLOISTER RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS  CLOISTER RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS CLOISTER RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS JEKYLL ISLAND RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH WEDDINGS JEKYLL ISLAND RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS JEKYLL ISLAND RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS JEKYLL ISLAND RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS AMELIA ISLAND RITZ CARLTON RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH WEDDINGS AMELIA ISLAND RITZ CARLTON RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS AMELIA ISLAND RITZ CARLTON RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS AMELIA ISLAND RITZ CARLTON RESORT GEORGIA JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA BEACHES JEWISH WEDDINGS  JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA BEACHES JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS  JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA BEACHES JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS  JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA BEACHES JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS MYRTLE BEACH SOUTH CAROLINA JEWISH WEDDINGS MYRTLE BEACH SOUTH CAROLINA JEWISH INTERFAITH WEDDINGS MYRTLE BEACH SOUTH CAROLINA JEWISH DESTINATION WEDDINGS MYRTLE BEACH SOUTH CAROLINA  JEWISH CO-OFFICIANT WEDDINGS     JEWISH SPIRITUAL RENEWAL ABOUT RABBI DR. ARTHUR SEGAL JEWISH WEDDINGS IN THE NEWS BAR OR BAT MITZVAH SPIRITUAL GUIDANCE & INDIVIDUAL STUDY AND CONVERSIONS BOOKS AND PUBLICATIONS CONTACT US © Dr. Arthur Segal, Inc., DBA Rabbi Arthur Segal - All pages, images, photographs - rights reserved. - Design by AEI Marketing   RABBI DR ARTHUR SEGAL
REBBETZIN ELLEN SEGAL www.JewishSpiritualRenewal.com/books www.FaceBook.com/Arthur.L.Segal www.FaceBook.com/RabbiArthurSegalJewishSpiritualRenewal www.RabbiArthurSegal.blogspot.com 
Jewish Spiritual Renewal
Jewish Renewal
Jewish Spirituality
Hilton Head Island, SC; Bluffton, SC; Savannah, GA   RABBI DR ARTHUR SEGAL
www.JewishSpiritualRenewal.com/books www.FaceBook.com/Arthur.L.Segal www.FaceBook.com/RabbiArthurSegalJewishSpiritualRenewal www.RabbiArthurSegal.blogspot.com Jewish Spiritual Renewal
Jewish Renewal
Jewish Spirituality
Hilton Head Island, SC; Bluffton, SC; Savannah, GA

Today I have a special guest on my blog.  
 
Besides the great bloggers that I have asked to write a guest post for me all throughout the year (one per month), some have taken the first step and contacted me, gracefully asking if I would welcome a good article from them. 
 
Being the busy woman that I am, writing some 10,000 words a week on average while traveling Europe, I am not someone who can easily say no to such offers.  
 
So, when Jonathan Spektor asked me if I would welcome a guest post of his, and I checked what he was doing, I say yes, right away. By the way, you should check him out too. 
 
So, without further ado, take it away Jonathan… 
 
Blogging Secret. 
 
I have been selling products and services online for over 10 years now. 
 
I remember my first foray into online business. 
 
It was in the early days of eBay. 
 
I would go to Rice’s flea market in New Hope, PA with my girlfriend, now wife and mother of two beautiful children.  We would go and buy beanie babies and other trinkets to list on eBay.  I made quite a bit of money for a college kid at the time. 
 
I had plenty of spending money for cheeseburgers and beer. 
 
Over the years, I started a number of online businesses.  They all made a little bit more money each time. 
 
But online business and ecommerce have changed over the years.  With change I had to adapt. 
 
  
 Google Changed and we Followed  
About 6 years ago, Google made some serious improvements to their search algorithms. 
 
Gone were the days of keyword stuffing your Meta tags and having your site rank highly in search results.  Remember those days? 
 

 
Between the keywords, a title and description with “Dog” you could rank for Dogs in no time.  How rudimentary that seems now. 
 
It worked back then though. 
 
Google’s new search algorithm was different.  It was starting to take page content into account.   Google started checking for relevancy and quality of content. 
 
By this time, my partner Bobby and I had realized we had to adapt our online businesses to this change. 
 
Most of our traffic was highly targeted to niche businesses.  We had focused on keywords based on the products or services that we were selling.  We based our domain names, product titles, and descriptions around the vertical we were targeting. 
 
But this was no longer enough.  We had to start blogging. 
 
  
 Cold Hearted Ecommerce Blogging  
We realized we had to embrace blogging in a big way. 
 
Other sites were starting to rank for our search terms. 
 
So we created blogs on our sites.  The idea was to create new, unique content, based around our verticals. 
 
We would then capture people from related keyword searches.  Once on our site, we would draw them towards our primary sales goal. 
 
The problem was that many of our sites were in verticals that we weren’t experts in.  We didn’t need incredible content, but didn’t want to publish junk either. 
 
We decided we would find professionals in each of the spaces.  We would contract writers and outsource our blogging posts weekly. 
 
HINT: You can hire Sylviane to do this for you if you don’t have the time. 
 
Each week I would provide the bloggers with the keyword we were targeting for each post.  They would generate at least a 500 word post and send it back to us. 
 
We would grab a creative commons image, plug it in, and publish it. 
 
Guess What? 
 
This process worked, and once again we were driving sales and converting traffic. 
 
Our rankings increased and we were good again, at least for a while. 
 
  
 The Posts were Terrible  
The blog posts were driving traffic, but they were awful..  The blog posts lacked personality. 
 
They were written by a hodgepodge of different bloggers.  The posts did nothing to foster a community. 
 
We were producing blogs for zombies. 
 
The process worked.  Zombies came through search engine traffic and purchased.  But it didn’t resonate with people. 
 
They were blog posts without feeling. 
 
They didn’t incorporate stories from real life situations. 
 

 
But who cares, you may ask? 
 
You should, and we do now. 
 
Here is why… 
 
  
 Let’s All Hug and Blog Together  
Sylviane has built an incredible blog over the years.   With this blog she has built an incredible community.  That’s you guys. 
 
This isn’t luck. 
 
This is perseverance and transparency. 
 
Sylviane is real and tells us about herself. 
 
She shares great posts like this one about low self esteem , or this one discussing tough times . 
 
These posts help us get to know Sylviane and where she has come from.  I love these little stories that delve into people’s lives, and I don’t think I’m alone. 
 
Stories draw in readers and show your personality.  They show your true feelings and let people understand your message. 
 
This transparency is priceless and powerful. 
 

 
This is a large reason that Bobby and I launched our blog .  We wanted to build a community.  If we could help people start their ecommerce businesses that was a plus. 
 
  
 My Big Regret  
In all the years that I have been making money online, I never built a community. 
 
I never wrote about myself or my online businesses. 
 
I was passionate about them, but didn’t want it to come off as bragging or knowing more than the next guy. 
 
I wasn’t comfortable sharing.  And to be 100% transparent, I’m still not comfortable with it. 
 
I don’t like self-promotion or chest pumping. 
 
It’s not my style. 
 
I’d rather have a conversation with someone to learn about them, rather than talk about myself. 
 
A wise man once said: “You never learn anything by speaking” 
 
I have taken this advice to extremes. 
 
I always try and extract as much information as I can from people I meet. 
 
So over the years, I spent my time listening and not speaking. 
 
But speaking and promoting, unfortunately, is what helps you succeed.  So I started blogging on Long Live The Internet with two missions. 
  To help people learn from our successes and failures to build their own ecommerce site.  To push myself out of my comfort zone, and build a community of like-minded people interested in ecommerce.   
So like Sylviane, I try and get personal and tell people a funny story or something about me.  I try and incorporate a little something into each blog post. 
 
  
 Enough About Me… What’s Bad About Community Blogging  
Ok so that’s the answer right? 
 
The magic answer is to be real and to blog transparently. 
 
Just publish nice content and your audience will grow. 
 
Over time they will naturally buy your products or services. 
 
Not So Fast… 
 
Blogging for a community is rewarding.  It brings clarity, and for me, helps relieve some stress.  But let’s not lose track of what this post is about. 
 
We are trying to drive traffic to an ecommerce site.  We are trying to sell and make money. 
 
Blogging for a community can take years to grow and we are trying to pay the bills now with an ecommerce site. 
 
We don’t have the luxury of building our community slowly. 
 
So after many years and many experiments, I’m ready to tell you my secret recipe for blogging for ecommerce, and driving sales. 
 
  
 The Secret to Blogging for Ecommerce  
The secret is straightforward. 
 
You can’t go all-in on either of these two approaches.  You have to find the blend of the two blogging styles that works for your audience.  Let’s look quickly at the pros and cons of the two approaches to blogging. 
 Cold-hearted Keyword Blogging  
Pros 
 
– You can drive search engine traffic quickly 
 
– You don’t have to write the posts yourself 
 
– Small investments in an outsourced post often pay for themselves quickly 
 
– You free up your time 
 
Cons 
 
– The traffic is frugal.  They are quick to leave and have no allegiance 
 
– It’s hit or miss and some posts do incredibly well while others flop 
 
– You aren’t building any allegiance to your brand or site 
 
– It feels impersonal and “icky” 
 Transparent Community Blogging  
Pros 
 
– The traffic is recurring 
 
– People trust you and your proposition 
 
– You can make more than one sale and with a higher conversion rate 
 
– If you shift course your people will follow 
 
Cons 
 
– This can take years to grow 
 
– You have to produce lots of good content over and over 
 
– You have to write most posts yourself 
 
– You have to be transparent (this can take some getting used to) 
 
Now you can see the differences clearly. 
 
So what should you do? 
 
  
 Your Own Recipe  
If you are blogging for Ecommerce, you need targeted traffic. 
 
Additionally, you need to build trust with your audience. 
 
You can do this in a number of ways. 
 
For example, my wife’s fashion jewelry site combines a little of both styles. 
 
She personally interviews a featured jewelry designer each month.  This brings a personal angle to the blog and builds trust with readers. 
 
Between these personal posts, she has blog posts that are purely informational.  These are less community oriented but attract search engine traffic. 
 
This approach of combining personality posts, along with keyword rich posts, works. 
 
It has helped her build an impressive online business with consistent traffic.  I may have helped some also. 
 
Over the years Bobby and I have started implementing this technique throughout our online businesses. 
 
Over time we saw increased traffic, higher return rates and increased conversions.  Despite the statistical improvements, we are feeling more transparent. 
 
It’s important to make this combination work for you.  Each ecommerce site, and offering, is slightly different.  If you are the face of a brand, then you need to focus on being honest and transparent often. 
 
If the ecommerce business is about the actual products, you can publish more search engine traffic posts. 
 
Tie in personalization by mentioning how these products relate to you or others you know. 
 
  
 In Closing  
Putting real people and real situations into your blog posts can help build trust and a community. 
 
You can build an audience that comes back to buy from you. 
 
More importantly, you are providing social proof and addressing a major buyer concern.  Remove obstacles to the sale, and you increase your bottom line. 
 
In summary, you can’t afford to ignore keyword research and blogging for traffic.  But, once you get the zombies to your site, relate to them and show them your brand is real. 
 
This equates to increased sales and customers who rally around your brand. 
 
  
 
Agree? Disagree?  I would love to know what is or isn’t working for your ecommerce blogging in the comments below. 
 
The post My Simple Blogging Secret from Selling Online for 10 Years appeared first on SylvianeNuccio.com .

(BPT) - Staying committed to a personal passion or goal requires motivation, discipline and confidence. All of which are qualities that Collier Kempton possesses. Despite being born with severe hemophilia A, an inherited bleeding disorder, Collier has remained dedicated to pursuing his interest in running and cycling. And along the way he has inspired others to do the same. 
  
Affecting approximately 20,000 people in the United States, hemophilia is a rare and life-long condition in which the blood does not clot normally.[1,2] Collier was diagnosed with hemophilia A, the most common form, at a very young age. With the strong support of his family, Collier didn’t let his hemophilia become a game changer. “I never let my condition put me in a box,” explains Collier. “I made sure to live my life and that has set me up for my future.” 
 
For Collier, a big part of his life has included competitive cycling. At 18-years-old, he competed in a duathlon, which involved both running and cycling. Now at the age of 24, running and cycling are still a big part of Collier’s life as he juggles working as a mechanic at a bicycle shop and coaching high school track. Most afternoons Collier can be found chasing his students at practice, coaching them to train harder and staying in shape himself. He uses his personal experiences to help inspire and build confidence in his team, as well as others with hemophilia. 
 
And to help him control and prevent bleeding while keeping active, Collier works closely with his healthcare team to determine the right treatment plan. He is currently uses XYNTHA® Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) to help control and prevent bleeding associated with his hemophilia. “I needed a treatment what worked for me and fit into my personal routine,” explains Collier. “For me the XYNTHA Solofuse is easy to use and the travel-ready pack allows me to infuse my treatment where and when I need to.” 
 
Collier shares his story with the hemophilia community in an effort to encourage others to go after what they love. “Live the life you want to live and figure out how to do that within the parameters of your disease,” urges Collier. 
 
For Collier, this includes taking certain precautions when preparing for physical activity like a long run or cycling. 
 
Here are some tips for staying protected and active with hemophilia: 
 
* Take an honest assessment of your fitness level. While you may not be ready to go for a long distance run yet, you can still take small steps to reach your personal fitness goal And remember, before starting any exercise program, it is important to talk to your healthcare provider. 
 
* Be open with your treatment team about your personal need Discuss the best way to minimize any risk associated with the sport(s) you have chosen and what to do if an injury or bleed occurs. 
 
* Confirm with your physician the timing of your treatment in relation to your activity.[3] 
 
To learn more about hemophilia you can visit: 
 
http://stepsforliving.hemophiliorg/ 
 
http://www.hemophiliavillage.com/ 
 
www.facebook.com/OurHemophiliaCommunity 
 
For more information about XYNTHA and XYNTHA Solofuse, please visit www.xyntha.com . 
 
About XYNTHA 
 
XYNTHA® Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) is indicated in adults and children for the control and prevention of bleeding episodes in patients with hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency or classic hemophilia) and for the prevention of bleeding during surgery in patients with hemophilia A. 
 
XYNTHA does not contain von Willebrand factor and, therefore, is not indicated for von Willebrand's disease. 
 
We asked patients to tell us about their experiences on XYNTHA. This is Collier’s story. 
 
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR XYNTHA 
 
* Call your healthcare provider or go to the emergency department right away if you have any of the following symptoms because these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction: wheezing, difficulty breathing, chest tightness, turning blue (look at lips and gums), fast heartbeat, swelling of the face, faintness, rash, low blood pressure, or hives. XYNTHA contains trace amounts of hamster protein. You may develop an allergic reaction to these proteins. Tell your healthcare provider if you have had an allergic reaction to hamster protein. 
 
* Call your healthcare provider right away if bleeding is not controlled after using XYNTHA; this may be a sign of an inhibitor, an antibody that may stop XYNTHA from working properly. Your healthcare provider may need to take blood tests to monitor for inhibitors. 
 
* Across all clinical studies, the most common side effects (10% or more) with XYNTHA in adult and pediatric previously treated patients (PTPs) were headache (26% of subjects), joint pain (25%), fever (21%), and cough (11%). Other side effects reported in 5% or more of patients were: diarrhea, vomiting, weakness, and nausea. 
 
* XYNTHA is an injectable medicine administered by intravenous (IV) infusio You may experience local irritation when infusing XYNTHA after reconstitution in XYNTHA® SOLOFUSE®. 
 
Please see full Prescribing Information for XYNTHA and XYNTHA SOLOFUSE. 
 
You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit  www.fda.gov/medwatch , or call 1-800-FDA-1088. 
 
References 
 
[1] Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “Hemophilia. Data and Statistics.” Accessed 23 April 2015. Available at http://www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/hemophilia/data.html . 
 
[2] National Heart Lung and Blood Institute. “What is Hemophilia.” Accessed 23 April 2015. Available at http://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/health/health-topics/topics/hemophilia/ . 
 
[3] Steps for Living. “Benefits of Sports and Fitness.” Accessed 22 April 2015. Available at http://stepsforliving.hemophiliorg/step-up/maintaining-a-healthy-body/benefits-of-sports-and-  fitness .

  With coupled drivers, steam loco style, a 1-C-1 type built by ASEA in 1925. The pic was  probably taken soon after its introduction into service, location not stated. This one still exists as a museum loco -- a couple of pics here.
It was also a Märklin model about 25 years ago.  See also the post on D101 in the Gävle museum.

Game of Thrones has reportedly finished casting Samwell Tarly's ( John Bradley ) family. According to Watchers on the Wall , James Faulkner , Samantha Spiro and Rebecca Benson will round out the Tarly clan. Faulkner, who recently appeared on Downton Abbey as Rose's disapproving father-in-law, will reportedly play Sam's disapproving father Lord Randyll Tarly. Spiro will play Sam's mother, who's as kind as Randyll Tarly is cruel. The Olivier Award-winning actress has previously appeared in Psychobitches , Coupling and Grandma's House. Kit Harrington accidentally reveals Jon Snow's fate (for real this time) Benson, who starred in the theatrical production of Let the Right One In , will reportedly play Sam's friendly and unpretentious sister. UnREAL star Freddie Stroma has already been cast as Sam's super hot brother Dickon, who is favored by their father Randyll. What do you think of the Tarly family? Other Links From TVGuide.com

688 Today's Prime Time Devo comes from 2Sa 22:42 They looked, but there was none to save; Even to the LORD, but He did not answer them.” Wow! What a chilling thought. The enemies of David were up against it and in a last ditch effort they even called out to the Lord to save them, but He did not answer them. Kind of makes you wonder, “is there a point of no return?” Can we reach a point of rejecting God, that He stops His ears to our pleas? I think it best that we let Him answer that question. He alone knows our heart. But to call on the Lord in emergency situations without repentance or an intent to follow Him is empty and He sees right through it. It's not that He hasn't tried to reach us. Listen to Prov 1:20-33, “Wisdom calls aloud outside; She raises her voice in the open squares. 21 She cries out in the chief concourses, At the openings of the gates in the city She speaks her words: (God's wisdom calls to us everywhere!) 22 "How long, you simple ones, will you love simplicity? For scorners delight in their scorning, And fools hate knowledge. 23 Turn at my rebuke; (Don't just receive God's rebuke, TURN because of it!) Surely I will pour out my spirit on you; I will make my words known to you. 24 Because I have called and you refused, I have stretched out my hand and no one regarded, 25 Because you disdained all my counsel, And would have none of my rebuke, (It's not like God hasn't been trying!) 26 I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your terror comes, 27 When your terror comes like a storm, And your destruction comes like a whirlwind, When distress and anguish come upon you. 28 "Then they will call on me, but I will not answer; They will seek me diligently, but they will not find me. 29 Because they hated knowledge And did not choose the fear of the LORD, (We have a choice!) 30 They would have none of my counsel And despised my every rebuke. (Every attempt to turn us toward Him) 31 Therefore they shall eat the fruit of their own way, And be filled to the full with their own fancies. 32 For the turning away of the simple will slay them, And the complacency of fools will destroy them; (That's a lot of bad news, now hear the good in v33, “ But WHOEVER listens to me will dwell safely, And will be secure, without fear of evil."Stop wondering if God hears you. He just asks that WE LISTEN to HIM! He will do the rest! And the proof of our listening is found in our turning.! There are two types of people in this world, those who turn toward God and those who don't. Maybe God is calling you to turn today! 2Co 6:2b says, “ behold, now is the day of salvation.

BATON ROUGE – A wet, muddy course awaited the cross country runners at the Episcopal Round Table Run. 
 
One of the biggest meets in Baton Rouge featured most of the best runners in the state. 
The girls’ three-mile varsity division was led by Alicia Stamey of Episcopal High School who ran a 18:33. Finishing second was eighth grader Claire Vaughn of Menard at 18:46. 
 
Lakeside’s Alissa Lander took third at 19:22. Tynia Joiner finished 135th at 25:10. There were 206 runners in this division over the three-mile course. 
 
The girls’ junior varsity division featured seventh, eighth, and ninth-graders running a two mile course. Lakeside, featuring only seventh and eighth-graders, finished 15th out of 28 teams. Zachary Kerrigan was the top Lady Warrior runner finishing 67th at 15:45. Other finishes for the team were: Alaina Stiles in 91st with a time of 6:19, Angelina Futch in 96th at 16:22, Kaylee Davis was 116th clocking in at 16:50, Essence Anderson was 146th at 17:22, Egypt Anderson 153rd with a 17:31, Lillian Vining 159th running a 17:36 and Melody Barraclough finished 164th with a time of 20:24. There were 294 runners. 
 
The varsity boys’ division featured 295 runners. Eric Green finished 16th at 16:22. Cody Robinson was 25th at 16:40. Tyler Davis ran 18:00 for 99th place. 
 
The boys’ JV division had 306 entrants. Austin Nunn was 191st at 15:49. Trent Gordon was 222nd at 16:35. Jeremiah Brown was 277th at 18

SC stays summons issued to Kejriwal for making inflammatory speech  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
The Supreme Court on Tuesday stayed the summons issued to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal by an Amethi court for allegedly making an inflammatory speech during the 2014 general elections.
    ... 
   Modi Govt. trying to curtail freedom of expression Congress  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
The Congress Party on Tuesday criticised the BJP-led NDA Government for implementing and then taking a U-turn on the National Encryption Policy, saying the ruling dispensation at the Centre is  ... 
   India-US joint efforts will be one of defining partnerships of 21st century Sushma Swaraj Update  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has said that the joint efforts of India and the United States will make it one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century.
   
"Our joint effort would  ... 
   Indias relationship with US  defined by natural synergy of democracies Sushma Swaraj  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has said that India's relationship with the United States is defined by natural synergy of the democracies and easy identification among the people.
    ... 
   Ravi Shastri pays homage to BCCIs `undisputed champion` Jagmohan Dalmiya  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
Ravi Shastri on Tuesday paid tributes to Jagmohan Dalmiya, describing the late Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) chief as the 'undisputed heavyweight champion' of the Indian cricket team  ... 
   Barkha Singh asks Kejriwal to advise Somnath to cooperate with investigation  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
Former Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) chairperson Barkha Shukla Singh on Tuesday asked Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal to advise AAP MLA Somnath Bharti to cooperate with the police investigation in  ... 
   Delhi Police probing Raghubir Nagar murder case says Bassi  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
Police Commissioner B.S. Bassi on Tuesday said that investigations are on in the murder case of a woman and her two children in West Delhi's Raghubir Nagar.
   
"Investigations are on and we will  ... 
   DCW should have been more up-front in Bhartis case says Ajay Maken  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
Congress leader Ajay Maken on Tuesday questioned the Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) on why it had decided not to pursue the domestic violence case against Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Somnath  ... 
   Delhi HC dismisses Somnath Bhartis anticipatory bail plea  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
The Delhi High Court on Tuesday dismissed Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MLA and former law minister Somnath Bharti's anticipatory bail plea in the domestic violence case filed against him by his wife Lipika  ... 
   India-Irish bilateral ties expected to reach greater heights with PM Modis visit Envoy  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
India's Ambassador to Ireland Radhika Lal Lokesh has said bilateral relations between India and Ireland are expected to reach greater heights with Prime Minster Narendra Modi's visit to Ireland  ... 
   U.S. India must believe that they are nations of innovation and opportunity says Kerry Update-Kerry  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
Describing the Strategic and Commercial Dialogue that would be taking place between the United States and India today as one the most important with any country on the planet, Secretary of State  ... 
   PM Modi pays tribute to 1965 Indo-Pak war martyrs  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday paid tribute to 1965 India-Pakistan war martyrs at Amar Jawan Jyoti on the last day of 'Shauryanjali' exhibition, set up by the Army as part of the golden  ... 
   India-US collaboration in the energy sector offers great potential ministers agree to identify various aspects of technical assistance  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
Power and Energy Ministers of India and United States have in principle agreed that bilateral collaboration in the energy sector offers great potential, and therefore, have agreed to identify  ... 
   India U.S. identify areas for coal mining collaboration  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 22nd September, 2015 
 
India and the United States have identified areas for collaboration in the coal mining sector.
   
Power and Energy Ministers of India and United States, who were taking part in a ministerial-level  ... 
   India may see two or three decades of double digit growth says Piyush Goyal  
Mumbai News.Net - Monday 21st September, 2015 
 
Union Minister of State for Power (Independent Charge) Piyush Goyal has said that with sustainable long-term structural environment in India, the country may see two or three decades of double digit  ... 
   Five-fold increase in Indo-US trade ambitious and apt says Nisha Desai Biswal  
Mumbai News.Net - Monday 21st September, 2015 
 
United States Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal has said that Washington wants to see India rising and become a global economic engine, and that is why the  ... 
   Piyush Goyal urges American Investing Community to invest in India  
Mumbai News.Net - Monday 21st September, 2015 
 
Union Power Minister Piyush Goyal has urged the American Investing Community to come to India with latest technology, which will help in bringing affordable energy access to the people.
   
"I want  ... 
   Sitharaman invites US investment in India  
Mumbai News.Net - Monday 21st September, 2015 
 
Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Commerce and Industry and Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs Nirmala Sitharaman has called upon American investors to invest in the  ... 
   U.S wants to be Indias best friend Vice-President Biden  
Mumbai News.Net - Monday 21st September, 2015 
 
United States Vice-President Joe Biden has said their goal is to become India's best friend and both the nations should work together as strategic partners to bring about a safer and prosperous  ... 
   Evidence show Pak not India violating ceasefire Husain Haqqani  
Mumbai News.Net - Monday 21st September, 2015 
 
Pakistan's former envoy to the United States Husain Haqqani on Monday said Islamabad claims that India is violating ceasefire along the Line of Control (LoC), but evidences suggest that "all  ...

Dear students,
the following posts were chosen best, since they were most interesting to read, demonstrated  pain and effort and... were in accordance with the actual task (unfortunately, some of you somehow got the task wrong and commented on GM food instead - I appreciate your work either way ;-). 1. Do you know what you consist of?
Our genes make us who we are, determine what we look like and even  what our children may look like.
Genes can control behaviour, physical abilities or diseases which reveals the power of such little information in our cells.
So the next time you eat an perfectly shaped red apple you should question where it's perfection comes from. You maybe wonder what food has to do with genes but If I tell you that 90% of groceries in a supermarket are genetically modified then you got the clue!  Cloning animals or foreseeing deseases is only the beginning of an era where changing genetic information becomes a children's game. This leads to the hearing that took place on Friday the 28th of August where a lot of experts of the topic "genetically modified food" gathered together in the GBG to discuss advantages and disadvantages of GM Food.  While the representatives of the church tried to make up every negative aspect that could one ever think of, the International Farmer Association brought up convincing arguments regarding to the risk of losing their work and business.  Furthermore the farmes explained the risks of genetically modified food like the ignorance about the aftermaths that this food could bring along since there isn't enough research on it.  On the other side the invited scientists and gen food producers, that among other inventions, invented the fish tomatoe, showed the audience the positive aspects gen food brings along. For instance the easy reproduction or cloning of food by producing seeds which would decrease the number of people starving in third world countries. Other than that gen food helps fighting allergic reactions towards fruits and vegetables.  A mixture of different tastes, fruits or vegetables would also be possible and the variety in supermarkets would increase.  All in all, the hearing was a success and a battle between ethical conventions and modern beliefs which cannot be united all the time but where can be found compromises. by Merve 2. Hey, guys! 
So today's blog post is about a hearing on the relevance of genetically modified food we had with my class on Friday, hope you like it! The idea was to divide our class into different groups and give every student a role they had to take on. So everyone had a role with a special opinion, and no matter what opinion they actually had, they had to support the opinion given with the role they got. I played the role of cardinal Onori - a strict Catholic and member of the Catholic church - obviously against genetic engineering due to moral und religious reasons. Although I am not completely against genetic engineering, as long as it is not damaging to our health, I had to act like I was against it and find reasons for that. Besides my group, there was also a scientists group, a GM Food group and a farmers group.  We also had some journalists who were supposed to ask questions to our groups.  The task was to create convincing posters and issue a statement. After that, we had to answer the questions of the critical journalists. So my group of two - the catholic group - of course stated that genetic engineering is a sin , because only god has the right to change things. To convince the audience about that, we read out an excerpt from the holy bible, in order to show that god did not want us to manipulate his creations. The scientists' group showed us a genetically manipulated tomato, made out of fish, in order to make tomatoes edible for allergy sufferers. Their strongest argument was the fact that tomatoes could grow in several sizes, packed with a lot of nutrients, even more than a natural tomato has. But the main reason was obviously the money they earn out of that.  The GM Food group presented several reasons on why genetically manipulated food is important for our society, and how it could possibly save third world countries. The farmers groups goal was obviously to gain compassion. Their argument was that genetically manipulated food might make them lose their jobs, because GM Food is way cheaper than biologically planted food, so the majority nourishes themselves with GM Food.  The seeds for the plants are way too expensive and there is going to be a time, where they just can not afford them anymore.  The journalists were really critical, they questioned everything we stated and this gave the entire hearing a nice touch and made it even more funny to take on roles. I thought that it was really nice and funny to take on another role, although it is not really my personal opinion, it was a lot of fun to act like I am a strict catholic, praying to god that this has to stop or we are all going to hell haha.  Now to my real opinion, I really do not see a big problem with genetically modified food, as long as everything positive they say about it is real, but the problem is, that we can never be sure if this has damaging causes after years of consuming it. I guess just because I was born eating genetically modified food, I just got so used to it, that I am not really concerned about the causes.  One thing that I just experienced with living in a country full of genetically modified food was that I actually think that tomatoes in Iran, my home country, look and taste different than tomatoes in Germany. They do not modify their tomatoes so I have to admit that I only eat them there because they just taste so good. Tomatoes in Germany just look perfect, but they are not nearly as tasty as the ones in Iran.  All in all, there is only left to say, that the lesson on Friday was really fun and that we should do that more often. We were laughing, but also we were learning about the different aspects and views of this topic. Moreover, I honestly have to admit that I think that GM Food will always have its benefits, but also negative sides, so I could discuss that for hours and never come to a conclusion by Sheyda Delicious genetically modified food So last week we had an interesting hearing in our class and discussed the question: Should we allow GM food in our supermarkets in Germany? Before the discussion, 95% of the class were against it, because it is a health risk and so on.The funny thing is that after the discussion we were not so stable in our opinion anymore, but why did it change? Firstly, everyone of us got a role which we needed to play, so if you had bad luck you got a role with another opinion than yours, for example me. Joking aside I believe that it is better to see things from another point of view and to learn new things. Before the discussion I always connected GM food with something unnecessary, chemical and disgusting, but after I read all the advantages of this GM food, for instance it could help to prevent the hunger in the third world, we could modify tomatoes to grow in a new geographical zone so they can plant them and eat them, it could be a help for our world and society. But on the other hand the people are not always open-minded as to such things especially if they eat modified food and do not know what is in it. It is a little bit scary, like the other groups mentioned (the Church) it is not normal and people should accept the thing we have in our environment. Moreover, we do not have long-time statistics which demonstrate us if GM food is not a health risk in the future and that with GM food no new problems like new illnesses or allergies arise. Another good point being mentioned was that many people will get jobless because GM seeds are cheaper and will grow faster and better, a normal farmer cannot afford such expensive things and will perish under the big companies. After looking at both views it is difficult to have a clear opinion on this topic.  I am undecided since it has many advantages and also many disadvantages, but the feeling that you do not eat real vegetables is a little bit too scary, Maybe in a few years when more statistics and tests are done on GM food I will change my mind, but for now I think it is better to use our normal resources and to find other ways to help the people in the third-world. The health of humans is far more important to me than the money the scientists can make with this idea. by Renata 

Sprint possibly joining T-Mobile in selling Apple Watch on September 25       
image: SlashGear 
  
While the Apple Watch started out only being available through Apple's
online store, recent months have seen it start to be offered not only at
physical Apple Stores, but third-party retailers as well. Starting later
this month, customers will be able to buy their Apple Watch from at least
one more location, possibly even two. T-Mobile has confirmed that it …
Continue reading

Source: Regional News - 1 week ago 
Amit Shah to Hold NDA Meet on Seat Sharing in Bihar  06:31 BJP chief Amit Shah will meet his party's Bihar allies today to finalise how they will share the state's 243 seats 

for the assembly elections, expected to be held in October. The allies are anxious that the BJP has not 

finalised seat-sharing yet and fear that in a last-minute scramble,...

Q: Hi, Greg. First I want to tell you I enjoy your articles on the older cars and your auto experiences. I still have my 1974 Chevy Malibu Laguna Type S-3 that I bought brand new from the  Ferrario Chevrolet dealership in Wysox, Pennsylvania, back in 1974. I am hoping you can give me some history on this car and its current value. The car is original with 52,000 miles on it. It has the 350 V-8 engine with an automatic transmission. I need to buy some parts for the car that I can’t seem to find. I need rear bumper filler in white and also rubber bumper guards as they are cracking and falling apart.  Thanks very much, Bob Best, Canton, Pennsylvania. A: Bob, thank you very much for your handwritten letter and the kind words. Your Laguna S-3 was produced from 1974 to 1976 on GM’s new Colonnade A-Body platform assembly line, which was also responsible for many of the sibling mid-size Pontiacs, Oldsmobiles and Buicks back then. Your car looks to be an exceptional example of an original 1974 Laguna S-3 where 350, 400 and 454-inch engines still found a home. All engines in 1974 had to adapt to the new smog and unleaded gasoline requirements, effectively lowering compression ratios which resulted in big horsepower losses. Still, your 350 V-8 powered Laguna is quite the attractive car and is one that is getting even rarer for several reasons. First, the 1974 Laguna S-3 was not a big seller that year. Laguna models were expensive as they were sharing much of the interior influences with the Chevy Monte Carlo. This non-robust lack of sales for V-8 and performance cars back then resulted in a new “consumer code” that pointed to small cars and fuel economy. Thus the mid-size Laguna was not a top choice by any means even though its sibling Chevelle Malibu sold well in six-cylinder and smaller V-8 trim. The good news for a car collector is production numbers, or, better yet, lack thereof.  Of the 312,265 Chevelle Malibu sedans and coupes produced in 1974, only 15,792 were option E37, specifically the new Laguna S-3 V-8 that carried a base price of $3,723. Additionally, it was the Laguna S-3 that replaced the famed Chevelle SS in the Chevy lineup, offering a sleek new body design and those body colored bumpers you now seek. (See the owner’s photo attached.) The second reason for being a rare collector car is plain old attrition. Many Chevelles and Malibus and all other A Body creations ended up at the scrap yard long before muscle cars became popular in the hobby. Personally, I always felt the Laguna S-3 was a great looking car, and because of its aerodynamic design back then, including the slope nose front end models in 1975 and 1976, the S-3 became the car of choice for many top NASCAR teams thanks to its slipstreaming properties at 200 mph. However, NASCAR was hot off eliminating from competition other aerodynamic cars like the 1970 Plymouth Superbird and the Mercury Talladega models, so after the 1976 season they outlaw the slope nose Laguna from further competition. Page 2 of 2 - Overall, GM’s new Colonnade A Body Platform was not too much different than the previous A Body platforms that dated back in 1962. Further, if you look close at the 1966 to 1972 A-Body cars you’ll find the design may have changed quite a bit but the drivetrain did not, minus the lower compression engines. Still, even in a time of corporate crisis in building new small cars, it was the 1974 to 1976 Laguna that featured upgrades in larger disc brakes and a new coil over spring rear suspension setup instead of the solid rear axle. As for current pricing, I’m sad to say the 1974 to 1976 Laguna S-3 will never be what a Chevelle SS454 is today. Current NADA Classic Car values have a 1974 Laguna Type S-3 with a 350 V-8 in at $7,650 in “high retail” condition, to an “average retail” of $4,140. I personally feel a Laguna S-3 350 is worth a bit more, and perhaps in the coming years it will increase in value due to its low production numbers. The Laguna 454 with a 4-speed? It’s at around $10,000 in NADA “high retail” condition, compared to a 1970 Chevelle SS454 with the LS6 engine that lists for a “high retail” of $159,000 from an original retail of $3,222! Prices like this prove you can’t erase what happened to muscle cars when the gas crisis hit and  manufacturers went to unleaded gas, smog/emission controls and low compression engines. It just plain killed the collector value of cars from the mid to late 1970 decade. In ending, to find the parts you need I recommend picking up a copy of Auto Round-Up or Hemmings Motor News that cater to the collector car hobby. There are also hundreds of online businesses that cater to restoration of Chevrolet cars and trucks specifically, so if you have a friend or family member with a computer, check it out, and look at eBay too. Thanks for your letter Bob and take care of that rare Laguna S-3. Greg Zyla writes weekly for More Content Now, BestRide.com and other GateHouse Media publications. He welcomes questions or comments from readers on collector cars, old-time racing and auto nostalgia at 303 Roosevelt St., Sayre, PA 18840 or at greg@gregzyla.com.

Japan doesn't really believe in "dying."At least, not according to conventional timelines.This past year, some 30,000 Japanese people turned 100 years old. That makes Japan the world leader in centenarians, having approximately 61,000, according to the country'sMinistry of Health, Labor, and Welfare.But in a country where longevity is so prized that September 15Seniors Dayis a national holiday in which a silver sake dish is given out to new members of the 100-plus club, it's actually becoming a burden on the nation's economy to live so long. Seniors, though revered, are eating up resourcesat a pace younger generations can't match.Take the September 15 tradition.In 1963, Japan had only 153 centenarians.By 1998, it had 10,000. Today the country puts the totalat 61,568.While the record is no doubt impressive from both a cultural and scientific perspective,the prize pool is becoming cost-prohibitive. In 2014, the awards cost the country approximately $2.1 million. Since the country only seems to be getting older, this year will be the last year Japan gives out the honorary dish, which is valued at roughly $91.Next year's inductees will instead receive a letter congratulating them on the accomplishment.The fall of the sake dish tradition may be Japan's most visible challenge in dealing with its aging population, but it's hardly the largest one.Nationwide, an entire generation of Japanese citizensgoing on two generations, in factare entering retirement age. Of the 127 million people who live there, roughly 25%are over 65. By 2060, that proportion could rise to 40%.WhileBaby Boomers make up a significant portion of the U.S. population,people 65 and older still only make up 13.5% of the overall population.Meanwhile, the generations that are supposed to replace the elderly aren't reproducing. Countries need a "replacement fertility rate" of 2.1 births per woman to keep the population from shrinking. Japan's fertility rate is 1.4the resultof women losing interest in Japanese men and the long hours men typically work that precludethem from dating.This dangerous mixture has led some to argue thatJapan is anticipating a "demographic time bomb."(Suddenly a sake dish seem less significant.)Japan's older citizens are working later into their sixties than they used to. Eventually, they will lose theability to work, which means the shrinking generations behind them will be left to boost the economy on their own.That doesn't seem to be happening, as Japan's economy has been deflating for decades.So while the silver sake dish may become affordable again years down the line, as a result of smaller populations getting older, the honor tied to the gesture may lose its luster.Join the conversation about this storyNOW WATCH: A Japanese lifestyle guru explains how to organize your home once ' and then never again 
Click here to read full news..

“You’re not going to die. Not in this room. Just bits of you.” (Photo: Yoga 105°)
Come on, Max, just stay in the pose. And stop sweating quite so much.
We’ve been instructed to perform what’s known as Utkatasana, or the “Awkward Pose,” which aligns nicely with how I feel. It’s something of a beginner’s position, where you’re basically sitting into a squat with your hands raised above your head. It’s not the hardest contortion in Bikram Yoga, but anything is hard when the room’s been heated to 100-plus degrees.
We’re only midway through the 60-minute session, but I can no longer remember what the world outside this room looks like. Is heat always this oppressive? Does everyone wear sports bras? What time is it? How does one even measure time in this place?“You’re not going to die. Not in this room. Just bits of you.”
Ah, shit. I suddenly lose my focus, and, as a result, my balance, at which point I stumble off my mat. No one seems to notice—or rather, they are kind enough that they pretend not to. I take a moment to re-gain my composure before once again settling into the elusive Awkward Pose.
Every pose is my awkward pose. Why does it seem like my sweat is twice as shiny as that of the guy next to me?
Finally, after another few seconds, our instructor gives us a moment to rest our bodies. The room of 20—roughly equal parts men and women—all instinctively roll onto their backs. I stare at the ceiling, trying to focus on breathing through my nose. On breathing at all.
I’d always thought hot yoga was all Eastern-sounding music, kombucha tea, and oversexed 30-somethings. But this ... this is hard. I glare at the spindling cracks running through the linoleum, trying to clear my mind.
“You’re not going to die. Not in this room,” Kara, the instructor, tells our class as she paces the rows of lifeless bodies. “Just bits of you.”It is yoga, appropriated for the Whole Foods crowd.
Bikram Choudhury, a former three-time National India Yoga Championship winner, launched the superheated program in San Francisco in 1972. Bikram Yoga consists of 26 postures, called asanas, which proponents say will stretch your muscles, oxidize your blood, and promote an elevated sense of overall well-being. (There’s actually plain old scientific research to support some of these claims.) Choudhury didn’t invent these postures; they’re basically just a selection of a much larger body of yoga poses, packaged together for simplicity and practicality. It is yoga, appropriated for the Whole Foods crowd. Bikram Yoga also requires that the room be heated to 104 degrees Fahrenheit—hence the epithet Hot Yoga, though that’s technically more of a catch-all phrase, which can be applied to any variation of yoga performed in extreme heat.Choudhury has made yoga, a 5,000-year-old tradition, into something that can be deftly monetized, like coconut-infused water, or a Lululemon sports bra.
Choudhury himself is an odd duck, to say the least. He drives expensive cars, owns expensive homes, and, according to Clancy Martin’s superb piece in Details, acts as guru-on-demand for expensive people, like George Clooney and Lady Gaga—a role he’s not afraid to boast about. And his empire only continues to grow. As Martin writes:
These endorsements have helped him peddle Bikram-branded products, including books, CDs, DVDs, apparel, towels, mats, and water bottles. Besides charging for teacher training and studio licensing, he also generates revenue from fees for regional Bikram Yoga tournaments that produce a national champion each year. And he's looking for ways to expand his empire: He's in talks with several U.S. cable networks about a reality show, and Sun, an Indian company, wants to launch an all-Bikram channel. There are also plans for a satellite-radio show and a magazine. He's even campaigning to get yoga recognized as an Olympic sport.
Martin’s story ran in 2011. Choudhury has yet to achieve all of these goals. (The idea of an Olympic bid in particular was met with some harsh criticism.) Still, that he should seek to monetize a meditation form so deeply rooted in the tradition of ego-banishment speaks to a dissonance between his capitalist values and the semi-mystical practice he purveys. It’s also illustrative of his polarizing ambition. He’s made yoga, a 5,000-year-old tradition, into something that can be deftly monetized, like coconut-infused water, or a Lululemon sports bra.
And then there are the allegations.
Choudhury has been accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students, and now faces a string of lawsuits. One suit mentions attempts at grabbing a woman’s crotch. Another woman claims that Choudhury raped her in his house while his wife and kids were upstairs. Many of these suits allude to Choudhury’s oversize influence not just in the Yoga sphere, but in the world at large. “He was too powerful to go against,” one suit reads. Choudhury, for his part, vehemently denies any wrongdoing. “Women like me. Women love me,” he told CNN earlier this year. “So if I really wanted to involve the women, I don't have to assault the women.”
In his Details story, Martin speaks to Choudhury about these allegations. The celebrity guru doesn’t deny them; he claims these accusers blackmailed him into sex. “Only when they give me no choice!” Choudhury hollers. “If they say to me, ‘Boss, you must fuck me or I will kill myself,’ then I do it! Think if I don’t! The karma!”
However these allegations against its founder shake out, there’s no denying the sexual energy that seems to flow through Bikram Yoga. I notice this immediately in my own class. There’s a lot of sweat, and the silence, punctured only by heavy breathing, is almost erotic. This is a room, I think to myself the second we begin our first exercise, full of people who are very aware of their bodies.
Yoga 105° lies just off one of the main roads in Santa Barbara, California. It’s on the second floor of an especially airy shopping mall, along with a recovery center, a bridal store, and an Allstate. The interior Yoga room is dimly lit, with a big tree painted on the back wall, and a row of long mirrors in front. The studio used to be called Bikram Yoga Santa Barbara, but changed its name earlier this year, in an attempt to distance itself from Choudhury. The switch wasn’t merely a response to the allegations; as owner Mari Larangeira told the Santa Barbara Independent, there’d been long-running collective skepticism regarding the Bikram founder and his boisterous displays of wealth.
“We’re all very grateful for what [Bikram] brought, but I think he’s kind of getting lost,” says Kara, my instructor. “There’s a difference between the asana, which is moving our bodies, and actually practicing Yoga, which is being mindful and thoughtful and caring.”
Kara seems like something of a poster-child for Bikram Yoga. Now 34 years old, she began practicing Bikram in 2005, when she was living in New York City, after finding a promotional flier for discounted classes. It was love at first pose. “The mind can get over-stimulated with all these different paths; everybody trying to become their best self. Through that we have all these expectations,” she tells me right after our class has concluded. (I am shirtless for this interview, which is a first.) “So people can get very depressed. And each asana takes a tremendous amount of focus. If you’re focusing on one thing, you’re not thinking about anything else. So people with depression, their minds go in a ton of different directions. Now, you’ve started to train your mind to focus on one spot.”
I want to question the science behind these claims, but I don’t want to appear rude. And I have to admit, I feel great.
“But,” I ask her, “how do you reconcile that with the fact that you’re teaching Bikram’s life’s work?” (Remember: The studio pays Choudhury a licensing fee, so, even with a name change, Yoga 105° is tied to the guy—in finances and reputation—in a very real sense.)
“He just brought the yoga to the West,” Kara reasons. “It was already designed. He was a vehicle for that to come through. And oftentimes, you don’t keep your vehicles forever. You appreciate them, and you’re grateful for your experience with them. But you start to realize certain things don’t work, and you want to replace them with something new.”
This makes sense to me. Bikram Yoga is bigger than Bikram. It’s about calming your mind and improving mental health. Surrounded by scantily clad, well-sculpted middle-aged people, I seem to have the least agility, and the most chest hair, in the room. They are all perspiring together, all contorting their bodies in ways that would make Bikram grin with delight, with authority.
Before I leave, Kara encourages me to sign up for the 21-days-for-$35 package.
The mall seems airier, lonelier, when I leave Yoga 105°. It's like a ghost town. The outside feels so cold when you leave, I think to myself.
Cults and (Sub)cultures is Pacific Standard's series of reported essays on all things cult, from religion to pop culture.

Easy groups have their pitfalls – as New Zealand’s past slip-ups have shown – but Stuart Lancaster’s side will face problematic challenges from the very start Pool of death or pool of dearth, which do you fancy? Is it better to be in England’s shoes and emerge from the pool stages of the World Cup battle hardened and ready for the knockout stages or, like Ireland, have a more measured buildup with only the one crunch game to hone match fitness before a quarter-final?

I ask because throughout their 24-year wait for a second world crown, New Zealand, almost always the best side in the world when it came to rankings and respect, would frequently bemoan yet another slip-up, blaming the softness of the pool stages that left them a little flabby when it came to meeting the big boys.

When you look at some of the cricket scores of old, such as 145-17 against Japan in 1995, you can see what they mean, but set against England’s route this time my guess is that most coaches would prefer not to be facing Fiji first up, followed by Wales and then Australia. From a pool containing four of the top 10 in the current world rankings, something that should never happen, it is probably the most difficult running order, the only easy option, Uruguay, coming probably after the pool has been settled unless point difference settles the group. Right from the start England have problems. If they can see out Fiji’s early onslaught, it could be a 30-point evening for Stuart Lancaster and his team. Fail and it will be a long night in south-west London.

The Australia coach, Michael Cheika, said all the right things – World Cups are meant to be hard, we don’t want any gifts from anyone, etc etc – this week when he was asked about Pool A. But – and it’s marginal – I bet he’s happier with his running order. Fiji, five days after the England match, followed by Uruguay at least gives him the chance to mix and match, whereas by the time England arrive, Lancaster’s side will be heading into their third hard shift on the trot.

Now compare and contrast with Ireland, northern hemisphere champions, on course for their best World Cup – and that means a semi-final at least – but still a long way short of their best, if the warm-up against England was anything to go by. Not that it matters, because with Canada and Romania and then Italy up first, that’s a pleasant programme to have in place before they meet France at the Millennium Stadium.

With Cian Healy being signed off by the Irish medics this week, all Joe Schmidt’s cards seem to be falling into place just at the right time. The prop’s neck injury meant he missed all of Ireland’s warm-up programme and there were fears he would miss the tournament itself, but a couple of games to get back into the swing of the thing is just what the doctor (or coach) would have ordered before that clash in Cardiff in what could be one of the games of the tournament.

Philippe Saint-André’s reign as France coach has been less than glorious, but you sense that the final flourish could be the best of it. With a win rate of only a shade over 40% and consistently low ranking in the Six Nations, you might say that won’t be hard, but the two warm-up games against England last month suggested that the long-lost belief of the national side is returning right on time.

Remember, France may not have won the cup, but they have reached three finals and have a happy knack of rising to the occasion and even of undermining All Black World Cup campaigns in the northern hemisphere. Not that they are particularly bad in the southern hemisphere either; the 2011 squad, nominally under Marc Lièvremont but really being coached by some of the senior players, raised themselves after some shocking pool performances to beat England and Wales and get to within a fingertip of beating New Zealand in the final of their own tournament.

Will it happen again? Well, the first Cardiff quarter-final could easily be a rerun of 2007 when Thierry Dusautoir tackled himself to a standstill and Wayne Barnes endeared himself to the entire All Black nation. The French are a decent outside bet – they certainly have the power as they showed at Twickenham and against England in Paris – but in the end you always wonder whether Fred Michalak is the kind of fly-half who can string three big games together.

Finally it’s worth looking at the way the fates have treated Scotland, and you have to say the calendar and the draw have suggested a return to the top eight. Japan and the USA come first, before the might of South Africa, but the crunch comes last in the pool when Vern Cotter’s side and all its new bits have had time to settle in and, being in Newcastle, is conveniently close to the border.

Standing in the way of that quarter-final is Samoa, but it’s not the Samoa of 1991 and 1995. The smile seems to be missing. That kind of island challenge comes from Fiji, who beat Samoa in the Pacific Nations Cup last month, and who set the ball rolling at Twickenham.

DETROIT , Sept. 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Designed specifically for recruiting and staffing professionals, I-9 Advantage™ will be hosting a free webinar "FORM I-9 CHALLENGES IN STAFFING." This webinar will focus on providing hiring and staffing professionals guidance for a Form I-9 audit,  a better understanding of employment eligibility requirements, and valuable insight towards compliant Form I-9 management. 

In recent months several organizations across the U.S. have received damaging fines and penalties due to their lack of compliance with federal Form I-9 and E-Verify regulations. One Staffing organization was fined $227,000 for 243 Form I-9 errors [ $935 per form], and another company was fined more than $600,000 for 800 Form I-9 violations [ $750 per form]. The bottom line is all companies need to be more diligent with Form I-9 compliance. In order for organizations across the U.S. to avoid similar or hasher ramifications, they must take necessary steps to educate their personnel on how to comply with confusing and complex federal guidelines for employment eligibility and verification. 
   
During the webinar I-9 Advantage will address concerns and challenges that organizations face when attempting to comply with I-9 and E-Verify requirements. 

This interactive one hour event will be hosted on October 7, 2015 at 2:00 PM (EST) . 

Click here to register. 

Key takeaways from this webinar will include: 
Employment eligibility laws and regulations Enforcement trends Fines and penalties Remote hiring requirements Preparing for an I-9 audit Best practices Automated I-9 solutions to streamline the hiring process and ensure compliance 
"Now is the time for organizations to protect themselves from failure to comply with mandatory government regulations. Form I-9 audits continue to rise, along with harsh fines and penalties that can be debilitating to any organization, but that outcome can easily be prevented by taking a proactive approach in mitigating legal risk," Stated Joseph N. Impastato II, CEO, I-9 Advantage. 

Form I-9 experts and hosts for the webinar include: Sathab Abbo, Corporate Immigration Counsel, I-9 Advantage and Melissa Prentice Executive Sales Manager, I-9 Advantage. 

About Sathab Abbo: 
Sathab has acquired extensive experience in immigration law, management, and client development.  Her broad range of experience involves devising strategies and delivering solutions to complex business and legal matters. 

Ms. Abbo interacts with immigration officials on business immigration and Form I-9 matters, advises clients, and informs audiences on Form I-9 trends and regulations.  Sathab is an active member of the American Immigration Lawyers Association (AILA) Michigan and National Chapters and continues to be an advocate for immigrant rights. 

About Melissa Prentice : 
Melissa possesses 18 years of sales, consulting, and account management experience in the staffing, recruiting, and software industries. Her specialized areas of expertise and vast knowledge include: applicant tracking, onboarding, and I-9 compliance software. 

About I-9 Advantage: 
Founded by technical innovators and experts in immigration law, I-9 Advantage is a leading- provider of cloud-based automated Form I-9 and E-Verify® management software. The suite of solutions includes I-9 Advantage for creating and managing digital Form I-9s, I-9 Remote™ - a mobile-enabled solution for remote hiring, including a variety of options for completion of Section 2; and I-9 Medic™ - for electronically converting and correcting archived paper Form I-9s. Over 2,300 clients trust I-9 Advantage for their compliance needs. Contact I-9 Advantage to learn more about automated web-based Form I-9 & E-Verify solutions.  

Press Contact: 
Randa Hamade 
Director of Marketing 
I-9 Advantage 
Email: Randa.Hamade@i9advantage.com 
Phone: 586.209.0090 

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150504/213561LOGO  

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/i-9-advantage---automated-form-i-9--e-verify-software-provider-to-host-free-webinar-for-staffing-and-recruiting-professionals-300149865.html 

SOURCE  I-9 Advantage

Kobe Bryant’s last three seasons have ended in injuries. Now in his 20th and perhaps final season, the Lakers organization will be taking careful steps to preserve the Mamba’s health . 
 
Head coach Bryon Scott has faced criticism for playing Kobe extended minutes last season. In an interview with OC Register , Scott admitted he was wrong and will defer to Kobe about his minutes . 
 
Scott says he’ll sit down with Kobe to decide whether the Lakers star should play in back-to-backs. 
 
Q. What decisions are you facing with Kobe? 
 
  
 
A. I think the biggest decision is playing time, trying to make that as limited as possible and also back-to-back games. That’s something we have to talk about. Other than that, there really is no other decision to make. He wants to play, and he wants to go out the way he wants to go out — if this is indeed his final year. He and I have talked a number of times on the phone, we’ve talked about playing time, we’ve talked about back-to-back, we’re going to probably sit down as we get closer to training camp or as we get in training camp and even talk more about it. Because the one thing I want, if this is his last year, I want him to go out standing. I don’t want him to go out hurt. I want to make sure I do everything in my power to make sure we stick to the game plan, as far as his minutes and as far as back-to-back games. 
 
  
 
Q. What do you mean by as “limited as possible?” 
 
  
 
A. I didn’t mean play as limited as possible. Obviously we want to keep him as efficient as possible, but I know he knows his body better than anybody. When we start talking about those minutes, I want to listen to him more than anything. I’m not going to go by what I think he can play like I did last year, I want to really go by what he thinks he can play. Then I want to make sure we stick to that. 
 
The post appeared first on SLAMonline .

– /PressAdvantage/ – Nature’s Hangout, a business in Cedar Crest, NY, has announced that their best selling hammock straps are once again in stock. At initial launch in August, the company had not anticipated just how popular the straps were going to be, and they quickly sold out. The stock has been replenished to make sure everyone would be able to get the hammock straps.

Nature’s Hangout’s Mark Haden says: “Our new hammock straps were more popular than we originally expected. Only 5 weeks after our initial launch of the product, we sold out! We scrambled with our manufacturer to get more made, but still were out of stock for several days.”

It took just one week after its release for the straps to become a bestselling item. The product remains very popular, and numerous requests for more stock came in during the few days that none were available. The company is now committed to being able to keep up with demand now that they have a better understanding of how popular the straps actually are.

One of the main reasons why these straps have become so popular is because they are tree-friendly. An increasing number of parks where campers go to have outlawed hammocks that use traditional straps, ropes or screws. This is because those straps are able to cause significant damage to a tree and its bark. The hammock straps from Nature’s Hangout, by contrast, have been designed to protect the tree, even with repeated use.

Another thing that has been much appreciated is the ease of use of the straps. “Straps came quickly, they were just what was stated in description,” says one customer. “My 15 yr old took them out, unwrapped and set up his hammock without asking a single question…easy!!”

The straps also come in an easy to carry bag. This enables people to take the straps with them wherever they go, be that on a camping trip or a day out at the beach. Additionally, since the straps have been designed for prolonged use, some people simply use them to attach a hammock in their garden and leave it there.

###

Contact Nature’s Hangout:

Mark Harden

5052598542

help@natureshangout.com

25 Snowline Norte

Cedar Crest, NM 87008 

ReleaseID: 60

Associated Press Saturday, Sept. 12, 2015 | 8:05 p.m. Authorities say they have recovered the body of a missing University of Nevada, Reno student in Yosemite National Park. The Reno Gazette-Journal reported (http://on.rgj.com/1UO8W5f) Friday that park rangers confirmed a body found earlier this week is that of 24-year-old graduate student Matthew Baldwin. Park spokeswoman Ashley Mayer says Baldwin's car was discovered Sunday near the Tamarac Flat Campgrounds and his body was roughly 5 miles away near the El Capitan Gully. The body has been turned over to the Mariposa County Sheriff's Office for an autopsy to determine cause of death. UNR police say Baldwin was last seen Aug. 25. Family and friends reported him missing after not hearing from him.

There have been plenty of security holes involving mobile device lock screens, but a recently discovered Android flaw may give you more reasons than usual to be cautious. The technique bypasses the lock screen on most versions of Android Lollipop...
via Engadget RSS Feed

The work that is being done inside the school-turned-lofts in Davenport’s East Village now is visible from the outside. The old retaining wall on the south side of the Pierce School Lofts is being rebuilt, and the developers are taking extra pains to make sure it complements the historic district. 

“It was rotted railroad ties and crumbling concrete,” said Tim Baldwin, who is partnering with Pat Sherman to transform the old school. “We’re using manufactured block that is made to look like cut stone. 

“We’ll apply an acid etch and stain to give it a limestone color.” 

The project, which is getting $708,000 in housing tax credits through Iowa’s Economic Development Authority, has a total price tag of $8 million to $9 million. 

When finished next summer, the property at 2212 E. 12th St., will contain 41 housing units. 

“Everything is getting state and federal approval, because of the tax credits,” Baldwin said Thursday. “We can’t use the credits for the new wall or the parking lot, though.” 

The Economic Development Authority has a specific list, called Qualified Reimbursable Expenses, for the portions of the project where tax credits can be used. Other rules also apply, and the partners have made changes to the development to make sure they comply. 

“We really wanted to do a rooftop deck,” Baldwin said of the portion of the school that was added to the historic property in the 1970s. “We thought it would be a beautiful viewing area for the turn on the (Quad-City Times) Bix 7.” 

But it was not possible to provide access to the roof that would comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act, he said. 

“Instead, we’ve designed the parking-lot layout in a way that creates a space for permanent bench seats with historic features around it,” Baldwin said. 

When finished, Pierce School Lofts will contain large, primarily one- and two-bedroom apartments. The units will be considerably larger, Baldwin said, than those inside the former Democrat building on Brady Street, which Baldwin and Sherman also rehabbed. 

The pair recently decided to add a studio unit, because the smaller, less-expensive living options have become increasingly popular in historic makeovers, Baldwin said. 
 
“The one bedrooms can go for $900 plus and the two-bedroom units can run from $1,300 to $1,400,” he said. “The lower studio pricing is in demand.” 

The target date for opening Pierce was June 2016, but the project is ahead of pace. 

“As it stands now, we’re running a couple months early,” Baldwin said. “We could hit some snags in the winter, but we’re in good shape now. 

“Everything is framed in, and we’ll be hanging (sheet) rock in the next couple of months, and the electrical, plumbing and HVAC are roughed-in.” 

Baldwin said he has been “disheartened” by one element of the work: Someone has been shooting a BB gun through some of the windows, which have been, “literally re-handcrafted. 

“Eventually, the building is going to have a sophisticated security system, but, for now, we’ve asked the police to help us keep an eye on things. 

“This project is going to clean up the neighborhood so much.”

At his heaviest, Dawn Lerman’s dad was 450 lbs. He tried to lose weight all the time—every week, he engaged in a new diet, some more successful than others, but nothing stuck. 
 
“In every corner of our house, there was no wall space,” Lerman says. “[Each wall] was either lined from floor to ceiling with diet books or shirts that represented my dad’s different weights. There was a pile: 185, 195, 205, 215, 225.” 
 
Lerman, a nutrition expert, cooking teacher, and Upper West Side mom-of-two, reflects on her tumultuous childhood relationship with food and how it affected her relationship with her family in her recent memoir, aptly named My Fat Dad . In the book, she describes how her creative family—her mother and sister were actresses, and her father worked in advertising as a writer and creative director, responsible for iconic slogans such as “Leggo My Eggo” and “Fly the Friendly Skies”—was always obsessing over food, but never in a healthy way. Her dad would diet, then maybe eat an entire pizza, then switch diets, while her mom would prepare either processed foods or nothing at all. It was Lerman’s grandmother who showed Lerman that, when prepared correctly, food could be a source of joy rather than stress. 
 
Lerman’s grandmother, whom people called Beauty, cooked traditional Jewish meals and encouraged making food into art rather than temporary sustenance. She and Lerman would sit down for meals, and no matter what they’d cooked, it would be set out on a nice plate, perhaps served with tea, and the two would eat “like ladies.” 
 
“My grandmother really drilled it into my head that food is love, food is happiness, [and] everything has to have a smell,”   Lerman says. “If it smells, if it has an aroma—it’s going to transform your world.” 
 
Once Lerman’s family moved from Chicago when she was 9, and she left Beauty behind, it was harder to stay positive. But Beauty would send recipe cards to Lerman at her new home in New York City. 
 
“My grandmother’s recipe cards saved my life because it kept me from getting in trouble. Every week I had this purpose and this mission,” Lerman says. “I had to go home, I had my recipe cards, I had to cook them for my sister…and I knew I had to take care of myself because nobody else would.” 
 
Lerman combined teachings from all the cooks in her life, whether it be Beauty’s “throw it in” style or her baker Aunt Jeannie’s carefully-measured approach, to take care of her own family. Her memories of Jeannie’s healthy “swaps” (like switching butter with applesauce) helped inspire Lerman to start her nutrition awareness program, Magnificent Mommies , which offers workshops to create healthier lifestyles for young children and their adults. 
 
But despite food’s looming presence in her formative years, Lerman’s path to becoming a nutritionist wasn’t exactly direct. She went through several professions first, including acting, producing commercials, and working as a school drama therapist with kids who suffered from ADHD, depression, and low self-esteem. 
 
“While working at the school, I realized how important proper food choices were,” she says. “I worked with kids on the importance of food choices, made snacks with them, and helped parents to add nutrient-loaded food into their children’s diets and get rid of sugar preservatives and artificial additives.” However, it wasn’t until a couple of years later, when her dad was diagnosed with cancer, that Lerman went back to school to study nutrition. “I realized helping people heal through food choices was my true calling,” she says. 
 
This creative yet practical approach that Lerman brought to her students guides how she cooks for her own children, as well. On her daughter’s first day of preschool, Lerman noticed how many of her classmates were eating unhealthy snacks. She started a blog, “ Snacking Outside the Box ,” for sharing her healthy recipes and cooking tricks, and started to bring treats into her daughter’s classroom to show that healthy cooking could taste good. 
 
“My daughter went to a preschool on the border of Harlem where many of the kids had never seen edamame or an avocado,” she says. “We made guacamole and edamame hummus. By teaching them to cook, we turned thier yucks into yums.” 
 
After her blog gained traction, Lerman tried to sell it as a book idea. But the response she received was largely: “That’s not your story. We want to hear about your family.” So she began writing about growing up with her fat dad for the New York Times’   “Well” blog , and the posts formed the basis for the book. 
 
Lerman was a little hesitant to explore her relationship with her father. She sent him chapters after she’d finished writing them so he could look them over, and calls the process “nerve-wracking.” However, her father’s response after reading the book was: “You’ve come a long way baby,” a tagline he’d created for Virginia Slims. 
 
Lerman has found that her story resonates with many; she’s received letters from people all over the world who’ve had a grandmother like Beauty or who had a parent who wrestled with extreme dieting. 
 
“My story is everybody’s story, and it could be your story, so the most important thing is trying to create good food memories around your kids, and be aware of the message you send to your children,” Lerman says. “Instill a love for food: For buying food, making food, eating food, and valuing what it does for your body. What we put in our body is how we’re going to live our lives. You’ve got to treat your body well.” 
 
To learn more about Dawn Lerman, visit  penguin.com ! 
 
The post appeared first on New York Family Magazine .

at 12:20 PM EDT Albany, NY -- (SBWIRE) -- 09/03/2015 -- The report contains a detailed description of the power generation company's business operations, history, corporate strategy, and business structure. This report contains a detailed SWOT analysis, information on key employees (executives), and major products and services.

By | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News  –  
New Delhi, Sep 5 (IANS) Putting an end to months of speculation, the government on Saturday announced it will be implementing 'One Rank One Pension' (OROP) for the armed forces, even as the veterans said they were not fully satisfied with the scheme. 
 
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar made the announcement at a press conference flanked by Minister of State for Defence Rao Inderjit Singh, Indian Air Force chief Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha, Army chief General Dalbir Singh, Navy chief Admiral R.K. Dhowan and Defence Secretary G. Mohan Kumar. 
 
Parrikar said an order implementing the scheme was likely to come in a fortnight to a month. 
 
The minister squarely blamed the previous Congress-led government for miscalculations on OROP, and said it led to the delay in its implementation. 
 
He also quoted a reply by a former minister of state for defence in parliament in 2009, who had said "there are administrative, technical and financial difficulties in implementing OROP". 
 
"It is for these reasons that the present government took some time to fulfill its promise," he said. 
 
The estimated cost to the exchequer for the scheme will be Rs.8,000-10,000 crore, and the arrears will amount to around Rs.12,000 crore. 
 
The scheme announced by the government will take 2013 as the base year to calculate pensions. 
 
"Pensions will be re-fixed for all pensioners retiring in the same rank and with same length of service as the average of minimum and maximum pension in 2013," Parrikar said. 
 
Those drawing pension above the average will be protected. 
 
Parrikar said the government came to power on May 26, 2014 and the budget came in June, so the date of implementation will be immediately after that, which was July 1, 2014. 
 
The period for review is five years, something that has been a major sticking point. 
 
Another major issue is that the government's scheme is not for those who seek voluntary retirement, even though Parrikar said that those who are forced to take retirement due to injuries obtained during service will be protected. 
 
The arrears are to be paid in four instalments, at a gap of every six months. 
 
To war widows, the arrears will be given in one instalment. 
 
Rao Inderjit said veterans above 60 years of age will also get arrears in one go. 
 
Announcing the scheme, Parrikar said the government was dedicated to the scheme which has been pending for "40 years". 
 
"The issue of OROP has been pending for nearly four decades. It is a matter of deep anguish that various governments remained ambivalent on the issue of OROP," said Parrikar. 
 
Protesting ex-servicemen on Saturday said they were not "fully satisfied" with the OROP scheme announced by the government as all of their demands were not met. 
 
"Though we welcome the implementation of the OROP by the government, we are not fully satisfied as they have not accepted the six points demanded by the ex-servicemen," Maj. Gen. Satbir Singh (retd), who has been spearheading the campaign for OROP, told the media at Jantar Mantar shortly after Parrikar's announcement. 
 
He said a decision on the future course of their agitation would be taken later in the evening. 
 
In the government press conference, Parrikar blamed the previous Congress-led government, saying they promised implementation of OROP in 2014-15, but "did not specify what OROP would be, how it will be implemented or how much it will cost". 
 
"An estimated Rs.500 crore provided for OROP in the budget presented in February 2014 by the then government was not based on any calculation," he said. 
 
"The reality, however, is that to implement OROP the estimated cost to the exchequer would be Rs.8,000 to Rs.10,000 crore at present, and will increase further in future," he said.

Firefly and Serenity alumni Alan Tudyk who was announced as a member of the Star Wars Anthology: Rogue One cast has revealed that he nearly turned down the role. 
 
Tudyk revealed to Digital Spy that a filming clash with his crowd-funded web series Con Man almost meant that he would be forced to turn down director Gareth Edwards's offer, recalling "[Gareth] offered it to me in the room - it didn't seem real, I said, 'I would love to say yes, but it is contingent on one thing. I can't believe I'm saying this, but if you're shooting in June, I have to say no' - because that's when we were shooting Con Man, and I couldn't figure out how to reschedule it." 
 
However the stars aligned when Edwards told him he wouldn't be needed on the film's Pinewood Studios set, and whilst Tudyk didn’t divulge any plot spoilers, he did reveal that the majority of his scenes are with Diego Luna and Felicity Jones and added "It's more fun on a movie set than I've had in a very long time, "I didn't know what to expect. I really like my fellow cast-members - Diego Luna and Felicity Jones, I see them a lot, most of my scenes are with them. And Gareth is great. 
 

 
There's always those days that are really hard. You're wet, you're cold, it's way early... there's some interesting things when you're on-set that can be challenging. 
 
But when you get into that moment of, 'This is hard, this is terrible, I'm miserable' and then you're like, 'Oh look, it's Star Wars!' and that feeling is immediately erased. It doesn't last for a breath - you can't even get it out without going, 'But look over there! And look at that!'" 
 
Star Wars Anthology: Rogue One hits cinemas in December next year. 
 
Alan Tudyk Profile |  Star Wars Anthology: Rogue One Film Page 
 
STAR WARS ANTHOLOGY: ROGUE ONE HITS CINEMAS DECEMBER 2

Wow, seems like the rules can be bent for the top guys but I wonder if this sets a poor precedent for the tour .... how far down the ranks do you have to be to get the special treatment, would they have done it for a non European in the same position?

Yesterday I received the following email and photographs: 
 
I went to the public registry this morning and there was utter confusion due to filming. Parking was a nightmare – the whole area from the Siege Memorial Bell to the Mediterranean Conference Centre’s main door was signposted by the police as “no parking”. 
 
I was so desperate that I tried to park there anyway, and a policeman riding a Segway told me to move along, asking rudely whether I could read or not. 
 
An hour or so later, when I was walking back to my car, which I had parked much further along, I noticed that Labour MP Deborah Schembri (‘Debbie Tad-Divorzju’) had just parked her car right next to one of those ‘no parking’ signs, but no policeman on a Segway told her to move along and insulted her ability to read. 
 
I was there as she was locking her car, so I am not simply assuming that no one told her to move it. 
 

 

 
The post Deborah ‘I’ll Do As I Please’ Schembri appeared first on Daphne Caruana Galizia's Notebook | Running Commentary .

Patrick and Roni Swindell of Amarillo celebrated their 40th anniversary alongside their daughter and her husband, Paco and Fabiola Andrade, who celebrated their 10 year anniversary in Cristo Resucitado Catholic Church in Cancun, Mexico.

Mr. Swindell married Roni on Aug. 9, 1975, in St. Joseph’s Church in Amarillo. Mr. Andrade married the former Fabiola Rezende on Aug. 13, 2005, in Brasilia, Brazil.

Mr. and Mrs. Swindell have lived in Amarillo for 61 years. Mr. and Mrs. Andrade have lived in Fayetteville and Tulsa, Okla., for 10 years.

Mr. Swindell is an attorney. Mrs. Swindell is a certified public accountant. Mr. Andrade works in auto sales. Mrs. Andrade works in real estate management.

Mr. and Mrs. Swindell belong to Saint Mary’s Catholic Church in Amarillo. Mr. and Mrs. Andrade belong to Saint Vincent de Paul Catholic Church in Rogers, Ark. Mr. and Mrs. Swindell have five children, Fabiola Andrade, Tyson Swindell, Rachel McKee, Erica Swindell and Trevor Swindell; and a grandchild, Charlotte McKee.

Amarillo-Globe-News, Sept. 6, 2

Former SAP Sybase President brings expertise to expand company global 
      growth for the database management tools specialist  
  
Bradmark Technologies, Inc., a global provider of monitoring and 
      performance management software for big data and enterprise databases 
      today announces that Steve Capelli, former President of Sybase Inc., now 
      SAP®, has agreed to become Bradmark’s Chairman of the Board. 
 
This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150923005313/en/ 
  
Steve Capelli, Chairman, Bradmark Technologies (Photo: Business Wire) 
  
“Steve clearly has the knowledge, experience and expertise to help 
      Bradmark grow to the next level,” said C. Bradley Tashenberg, President 
      and CEO of Bradmark. Prior to SAP’s purchase of Sybase in 2010, the 
      company’s market cap grew more than 9x during the course of Mr. 
      Capelli’s 15 year tenure, creating $5.0 billion dollars in shareholder 
      equity . 
 
As President of World Field Operations, Mr. Capelli led Sybase to be one 
      of the most widely recognized database companies in the financial, 
      healthcare and government sectors, and a leader in mobility solutions. 
      Responsible for revenue growth and market leadership, Mr. Capelli led 
      global teams focused on direct and partner sales, including ISV, OEM, 
      distributor and reseller channels. 
 
“We are looking forward to benefitting from Steve’s experience and 
      guidance to expand Bradmark’s market position globally,” said Bill 
      Smith, VP Global Sales at Bradmark. “Already, Steve has introduced 
      Bradmark to several global partners, who have reponded very positively 
      to his and Brad’s vision.” 
 
Additionally, Mr. Capelli also managed Sybase’s consulting services, 
      customer support and education organizations, leading field operations 
      in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America. 
 
“Bradmark offers customers the chance to unlock tremendous untapped 
      potential through the use of database performance management and 
      monitoring software,” said Mr. Capelli. “Not only is Bradmark the 
      undisputed market leader for SAP/Sybase database performance management 
      and monitoring software, it also has many enterprise clients who are 
      using Bradmark’s software to manage Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server and IBM 
      DB2 databases. I am looking forward to working with Bradmark to further 
      expand its market position and maximize its potential globally.” 
 
 About Bradmark Technologies, Inc.  
 
Bradmark Technologies, Inc. is a global provider of monitoring and 
      performance management software for big data and enterprise databases. 
      Bradmark’s innovative product suite detects and prevents problems before 
      they adversely affect productivity, ensuring that IT environments are up 
      and operating at peak performance. Headquartered in Houston, Bradmark 
      has offices in Seattle, Washington, London, Munich, the Netherlands and 
      Beijing. Additionally, Bradmark reaches global audiences through a 
      network of channel partners and international distributors. For 
      additional information, visit www.bradmark.com . 
 


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150923005313/en/

Opposition leader Simon Busuttil said today that no action should be taken by the Nationalist Party against Francis Zammit Dimech, who is among those charged in relation to the death of a worker on the site of the Seabank Hotel in Mellieha. Dr Zammit Dimech was a non-executive director of the hotel at the time. The worker died when a ceiling collapsed. 
 
Dr Busuttil issued his statement after the prime minister two Sundays ago asked if action would be taken against the former minister in view of the fact that the PN had demanded the resignation of the justice minister after a traffic accident in which a man was injured and the minister ended up in court. 
 
In a statement, Dr Busuttil said: "I have reached the conclusion that, until the court pronounces its judgement, no action should be taken against Francis Zammit Dimech by the party for the following reasons: 
 
"Dr Zammit Dimech was not involved in what happened in any manner whatsoever. He was a non-Executive Director with no direct or indirect involvement in the running of the company that owns the hotel where building works took place. 
 
"Dr Zammit Dimech does not occupy an executive role in Government. It would have been different if he were a minister. But he is not. There is therefore no role of responsibility to dismiss him from. 
 
"The incident was not even remotely connected with Dr Zammit Dimech’s parliamentary and political duties or even with his past ministerial duties and therefore dismissal from the party is not warranted." 
 
Dr Busuttil said Dr Zammit Dimech "is showing strength and resolve in this difficult time and I stand four-square behind him." 
 
He said he had communicated his decision to the Parliamentary Group which supported it unanimously.

A month long series of events that will empower and build a vibrant and thriving LGBTQ community 

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- This October, the San Francisco LGBT Center will be hosting their annual LGBTQ Economic Justice Month (October 1-31, 2015). The Center will offer a full month of programming that highlights the work being done at the Center, and throughout the community, that strives towards the economic empowerment of LGBTQ people and creating a more just and equitable world for all. 

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150916/267029-INFO 

Economic Justice Month is about celebrating our successes while simultaneously promoting awareness around the work that still needs to be done, despite recent victories. Together we can work to build community power and strength, while making sure that those among us who are politically and socially marginalized do not get left behind. 

"In an already difficult economic climate, LGBTQ people often experience additional barriers to thriving," said Clair Farley, Associate Director of Economic Development at the SF LGBT Center.  "This work is a critical part of supporting LGBTQ communities, as well as making LGBTQ struggles part of a larger movement towards building a more just and equitable world for all."  

Keystone events include a Kickoff LGBTQ Reception on 10/6, a forum on Making the LGBT Vote Count on 10/15, and the LGBTQ Career Fair on 10/21. In addition to these events, there will be an exciting array of workshops on topics such as tenants' rights, managing student debt, finding employment, as well as events specifically tailored to youth, seniors and trans and GNC communities. Additionally, throughout the month we will strive to highlight some of the amazing work done by partner organizations across the city. 

"Economic Justice has long been an overlooked aspect of the LGBTQ political movement; yet for poor, working and middle class LGBTQ people these issues are of critical importance. It is time to move beyond the myth of gay affluence and work towards building stronger and empowered communities," said Farley.     

Please visit EconomicJusticeWeek.org for the full schedule of events and more. 

#BuildingCommunity #EconomicJustice @SFLGBTCenter 

More about the EJM 2015: 

Economic Justice Month is hosted by the Center's Economic Development department. The Center's Economic Development assists LGBTQ jobseekers in finding safe and secure living-wage employment, helps LGBTQ-run businesses grow, strives to increase LGBTQ community financial assets and access to housing, and eliminate barriers to transgender economic success. 

The Center's Economic Development department designs and implements innovative programs that advance economic opportunities for our diverse community.  Focusing on financial capability, employment support, self-employment and building assets including homeownership, these services are bundled and delivered in a holistic fashion, and contribute to the empowerment of our community to confront injustice, eradicate generational poverty and better support and connect with each other. 

The Center's critical safety net programs serve the most vulnerable members of the community -- people of color, transgender people, GNC people, queer people, lesbians, bisexual women, differently-abled people, youth, elders, immigrants, and low-income individuals -- who often experience additional, intersecting forms of discrimination. Learn more at www.sfcenter.org 

Contact:  

Clair Farley  

415-965-5632   

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/building-community-power-in-october-at-annual-lgbtq-economic-justice-month-300144030.html 

SOURCE San Francisco LGBT Community Center 

Published Sep. 16, 2015 

Copyright © 2015 SYS-CON Media, Inc. — All Rights Reserved. 

Syndicated stories and blog feeds, all rights reserved by the author.

Bank of America upgraded shares of HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) to a neutral rating in a report issued on Thursday, Analyst Ratings.Net reports. 
 
In related news, insider Flint,Douglas J sold 2,016 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, August 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 556 ($8.44), for a total transaction of £11,208.96 ($17,021.96). 
 
Shares of HSBC Holdings plc ( LON:HSBA ) opened at 505.20 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 544.76 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 584.19. HSBC Holdings plc has a 52-week low of GBX 329.66 and a 52-week high of GBX 674.57. The firm’s market cap is GBX 92.31 billion. 
 
Several other brokerages also recently weighed in on HSBA. BNP Paribas  reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 600 ($9.11) price target on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a research note on Wednesday, July 22nd. Sanford C. Bernstein  restated a market perform rating and issued a GBX 650 ($9.87) target price on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a research note on Monday, July 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co.  reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 640 ($9.72) price target on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a report on Tuesday. Citigroup Inc. raised HSBC Holdings plc to a buy rating and increased their target price for the company from GBX 625 ($9.49) to GBX 635 ($9.64) in a report on Monday, July 20th. Finally, Morgan Stanley upped their price target on HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 560 ($8.50) to GBX 580 ($8.81) and gave the company an equal weight rating in a research report on Tuesday, August 4th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned  a hold rating and seven have assigned  a buy rating to the company. HSBC Holdings plc currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 641.08 ($9.74). 
 
HSBC Holdings plc ( LON:HSBA ) is the banking and fiscal services business. The Company’s principal tasks include making payments, holding savings, empowering trade, providing finance and managing hazards. The Organization operates in four businesses: Retail Banking and Wealth Management (RBWM), Commercial Banking (CMB), International Banking and Markets (GB&M), and Global Private Banking (GPB). RBWM offers private banking products and wealth management services. CMB offers a wide selection of commercial financial services and options to customers that range from small-scale and medium-sized enterprises to publicly quoted firms. GB&M provides financial solutions to institutional, corporate and Government customers around the globe. GPB offers products and services, such as private banking, investment management and private wealth alternatives. It runs in Europe, Asia, Middle East and North Africa, North America and Latin America.

While working on setting up SAML communication with ADFS server/services, you’ll come across various errors on the browser, error events on backend ADFS server and also on the web server that is sending the SAML requests to the ADFS server.  This article is to have most common errors, events and their possible causes and fixes.

 

SCENARIO#1:

ERROR On the Browser: 

ADFS UKService 

An error occurred  

An error occurred. Contact your administrator for more information.  

Error details

Activity ID: 00000000-0000-0000-2400-0080020000f6  
Error time: Wed, 30 Sep 2015 09:59:49 GMT 


Error Event on the ADFS Server:

Log Name:      AD FS/Admin
Source:        AD FS
Date:          9/30/2015 9:59:49 AM
Event ID:      364
Task Category: None
Level:         Error
Keywords:      AD FS
User:          UKService\adfs$
Computer:      ADFSUKServer.UKService.LAN
Description:
Encountered error during federation passive request.  

Additional Data  

Protocol Name: 
Saml  

Relying Party: 
https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC 

Exception details: 
Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.InvalidScopeException: MSIS7007: The requested relying party trust ‘https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC’ is unspecified or unsupported. If a relying party trust was specified, it is possible that you do not have permission to access the trust relying party. Contact your administrator for details.
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.Protocols.Saml.SamlSignInContext.Validate()
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.Protocols.Saml.SamlProtocolHandler.GetRequiredPipelineBehaviors(ProtocolContext pContext)
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.PassiveProtocolListener.OnGetContext(WrappedHttpListenerContext context) 

Cause:

This error occurs when you attempt to communicate with ADFS server with non-existing or incorrect Relying Party URL.  In this case,  the relying party https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC is not existing or nor yet defined on the ADFS server.

Solution:

Go Ahead and create a new Relying Party with Relying Party Identifier as https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC.  

 

SCENARIO#2:

ERROR On the Browser:  

ADFS UKService  

An error occurred  

An error occurred. Contact your administrator for more information.  

Error details

Activity ID: 00000000-0000-0000-8500-0080000000f1  
Relying party: SAMLPOCRelyingParty 
Error time: Wed, 30 Sep 2015 10:19:37 GMT 


Error Events on the ADFS Server:

Log Name:      AD FS/Admin
Source:        AD FS
Date:          9/30/2015 10:19:37 AM
Event ID:      261
Task Category: None
Level:         Error
Keywords:      AD FS
User:          UKService\adfs$
Computer:      ADFSUKServer.UKService.LAN
Description:
The request specified an Assertion Consumer Service URL ‘https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC/Consume.aspx’ that is not  configured on the relying party ‘https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC’. 
Assertion Consumer Service URL: https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC/Consume.aspx
Relying party: https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC 

This request failed.  

User Action 
Use the AD FS Management snap-in to configure an Assertion Consumer Service with the specified URL for this relying party.  

Log Name:      AD FS/Admin
Source:        AD FS
Date:          9/30/2015 10:19:37 AM
Event ID:      364
Task Category: None
Level:         Error
Keywords:      AD FS
User:          UKService\adfs$
Computer:      ADFSUKServer.UKService.LAN
Description:
Encountered error during federation passive request.  

Additional Data  

Protocol Name: 
Saml  

Relying Party: 
https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC 

Exception details: 
Microsoft.IdentityServer.Service.Policy.PolicyServer.Engine.AssertionConsumerServiceUrlDoesNotMatchPolicyException: MSIS3200: No AssertionConsumerService is configured on the relying party trust ‘https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC’ that is a prefix match of the AssertionConsumerService URL ‘https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC/Consume.aspx’ specified by the request.
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Service.SamlProtocol.EndpointResolver.LookupAssertionConsumerServiceByUrl(Collection`1 assertionConsumerServices, Uri requestedAssertionConsumerServiceUrl, String scopeIdentity)
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Service.SamlProtocol.EndpointResolver.FindSamlResponseEndpointForAuthenticationRequest(Boolean artifactEnabled, AuthenticationRequest request, ScopeDescription scopeDescription)
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.Protocols.Saml.SamlProtocolManager.GetResponseEndpointFromRequest(SamlRequest request, Boolean isUrlTranslationNeeded, ScopeDescription scope)
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.Protocols.Saml.SamlProtocolManager.Issue(HttpSamlRequestMessage httpSamlRequestMessage, SecurityTokenElement onBehalfOf, String sessionState, String relayState, String& newSamlSession, String& samlpAuthenticationProvider, Boolean isUrlTranslationNeeded, WrappedHttpListenerContext context, Boolean isKmsiRequested)
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.Protocols.Saml.SamlProtocolHandler.RequestBearerToken(WrappedHttpListenerContext context, HttpSamlRequestMessage httpSamlRequest, SecurityTokenElement onBehalfOf, String relyingPartyIdentifier, Boolean isKmsiRequested, Boolean isApplicationProxyTokenRequired, String& samlpSessionState, String& samlpAuthenticationProvider)
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.Protocols.Saml.SamlProtocolHandler.BuildSignInResponseCoreWithSerializedToken(HttpSamlRequestMessage httpSamlRequest, WrappedHttpListenerContext context, String relyingPartyIdentifier, SecurityTokenElement signOnTokenElement, Boolean isKmsiRequested, Boolean isApplicationProxyTokenRequired)
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.Protocols.Saml.SamlProtocolHandler.BuildSignInResponseCoreWithSecurityToken(SamlSignInContext context, SecurityToken securityToken, SecurityToken deviceSecurityToken)
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.Protocols.Saml.SamlProtocolHandler.Process(ProtocolContext context)
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.PassiveProtocolListener.ProcessProtocolRequest(ProtocolContext protocolContext, PassiveProtocolHandler protocolHandler)
   at Microsoft.IdentityServer.Web.PassiveProtocolListener.OnGetContext(WrappedHttpListenerContext context)  

Cause:

This error and event logs indicate that the URL https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC/Consume.aspx used as Assertion Consume URL doesn’t match with that of the value configured as Assertion Consume URL for the chosen Relying Party on the ADFS server.

Solution:

Go Ahead and create or update the Assertion Consume URL as https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC/Consume.aspx for your Relying Party (in above case its https://HRSecure.mycorpsite.com/SAMLPOC’) on the ADFS server.                            



  ( function() 
    if (window.CHITIKA === undefined) 
      window.CHITIKA =  'units' : [] ;
    ;
    var unit = 
      'publisher'       : 'gunnalag',
      'width'           : 468,
      'height'          : 120,
      'sid'             : "wordpress-plugin below",
      'color_site_link' : '0000CC',
      'color_title'     : '0000CC',
      'color_text'      : '000000',
      'color_bg'        : 'ffffff',
      'font_title'      : 'Verdana',
      'font_text'       : 'Verdana',
      'impsrc'          : 'wordpress',
      'calltype'        : 'async[2]'
    ;
    var placement_id = window.CHITIKA.units.length;
    window.CHITIKA.units.push(unit);
    var x = "";
    document.write(x);
());

//cdn.chitika.net/getads.js

Fifth-seeded Tommy Robredo beat Russia's Mikhail Youzhny 6-4, 3-6, 6-3 to reach the second round of the St. Petersburg Open on Tuesday.

Youzhny won more points than his Spanish opponent overall, but lacked consistency on the key points in a match between two 33-year-old veterans.

Robredo next plays Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus. He won 6-4, 4-6, 6-3 against Latvia's Ernests Gulbis, winner of the last edition of the tournament in 2013.

Benoit Paire became the first seeded player to fall, with the sixth-seeded Frenchman retiring hurt from his first-round encounter with Poland's Jerzy Janowicz. Paire was moving slowly when he quit, with Janowicz cruising at 6-4, 3-

SYDNEY surgeon Ann Collins's broken body was lying at the bottom of a ravine beneath a rickety wooden bridge when a helicopter winched her to safety. 

She was competing in the 2008 Sydney to Surfers Paradise charity bike ride on the Bluff Bridge over the Orara River, south of Grafton, when her front wheel lodged in a gap in the poorly maintained structure. 

The bike flipped and sent Dr Collins over the railing and into the rocky valley below, causing compound fractures to both legs and a fractured and dislocated elbow. 

Dr Collins sued Clarence Valley Council for $820,000 in the New South Wales Supreme Court, claiming it had been negligent in failing to maintain the bridge or warn cyclists about the dangers of crossing it. 

The court ruled in the council's favour, finding getting a tyre caught in the gap was an "obvious risk" and did not require a warning. 

The council argued its funding was spread so thin it could not afford to keep all of its bridges in pristine order at the time. 

Dr Collins appealed the decision but was unsuccessful. 

The guardrails were only between 65cm and 73cm high and were never intended to stop a cyclist from falling, Justice Ruth McColl found. 

"Having regard to the ubiquity of the gaps between the planks, the possibility of a wheel being jammed when the bicycle was near the railing, leading to the rider falling over the low guardrails, was obvious," she said. 

Dr Collins's own evidence revealed she was already aware gaps between planks of the bridge existed before tried to cross the bridge. 

The appeal was dismissed last week with Dr Collins ordered to pay the council's costs. Get your local news, your way.

Update your news preferences and get the latest news delivered to your inbox.

A compound found in breast milk, named fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), plays a key role in neonatal nutrient absorption and intestinal function. FGF21 also contributes to improve newborn growth and metabolic profile.

This is the main conclusion of the project “Study of FGF21 as a new factor present in breast milk and involved in the benefits of breastfeeding”, included in the programme of excellent research RecerCaixa, an initiative organised by the Obra Social “la Caixa” together with the Catalan Association of Public Universities (ACUP). The results of the study have been published in the journal Scientific Reports of the Nature Publishing Group by a scientific team led by Francesc Villarroya, professor in the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the University of Barcelona (UB), together with the Biomedical Research Networking Centres on Physiopathology of Obesity and Nutrition (CIBERobn) and the Danone Institute.

FGF21 is a hormonal factor produced mainly in the liver. The factor is present in the human body in a natural manner, even if in some people it is more active than in others. To date, it was known that it plays important roles in favouring glucose uptake and energy metabolism, and thus possesses anti-diabetic and anti-obesity properties. The research study led by Dr Villarroya, director of the Institute of Biomedicine of the UB (IBUB), has proved that oral infusion of FGF21 to neonatal gut induces the gene expression of intestinal hormones and increases intestinal lactase activity and lactose absorption.

Animal models indicate that metabolic profile and growth is 25% better in neonates who receive the factor than in those who do not receive it. In order to come to this conclusion, researchers analysed the differences between a group of pups nursed with milk containing FGF21 and another group of pups nursed with milk lacking FGF21.

In a previous study developed together with the Hospital Sant Joan de Déu, the team led by Dr Villarroya found that FGF21 levels are very low in fetuses, but the blood levels of FGF21 rise dramatically after birth and the initiation of suckling. This fact proves the importance of maternal breast feeding.

Further studies will be required to confirm these findings in human neonates. Researchers will analyse the long-term effects that having been exposed to FGF21 has on the metabolism until adolescence, as well as the presence of the factor in formula feeding in order to optimize biotechnological formula designs to fulfil the complexities of optimal milk composition and mimic the properties of breast milk. Full bibliographic informationFibroblast growth factor 21 in breast milk controls neonatal intestine function, Aleix Gavaldà-Navarro, Elayne Hondares, Marta Giralt, Teresa Mampel, Roser Iglesias & Francesc Villarroya. Scientific Reports 5, Article number: 13717 (2015)

doi:10.1038/srep13717

Game Date/Time:

Saturday, Sept. 19, 8:30 p.m. MT

 
Location:

 Rose Bowl, Pasadena, CA




Game Notes:



BYU
UCLA


 
Channel:

Fox Sports 1

 
TV Broadcast team:

Joe Davis - play-by-play
Brady Quinn - analyst
Kris Budden - sideline reporter




Pre-game Show:



Countdown to Kick-off (7:30 pm MT on BYUtv & byutvsports.com)   

Dave McCann and Blaine Flower joined by BYUtv's team of analyst and reporters




 
Post-Game Show:

 BYUtv Sports Post-Game (Immediately following the game, approx. 12:00 am MT (Sept. 20) on BYUtv &byutvsports.com)   

Player & coach interviews, highlights, and analysis 



 
Radio Coverage:

Cougar IMG Sports Network 
 KSL NewsRadio (BYU call)
 Bruin IMG Radio Network (UCLA Call)
 Siruis/XM Radio Channel 143 (BYU Radio)
Siruis/XM Radio Channel 81 (UCLA Call)

 
Watch Online:

 Fox Sports Go (participating providers)


 

Rebroadcast

Currently there are no plans to rebroadcast this game.

Roger Federer, Federer, Novak Djokovic, Djokovic 
On Sunday, Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer will resume the best rivalry in modern men's tennis. 
Roger Federer is a Swiss professional tennis player who held the ATP No. 1 position for a record 237 consecutive weeks from 2 February 2004 to 18 August 2008. 

It has been a bit more than nine years since David Foster Wallace delivered “Federer as Religious Experience,” the Magna Carta of what has become one of the most popular genres in sports journalism: the Roger Federer think piece. 

The final of the 2015 US Open men's singles will be contested between the best player of all time and the best player of this time when Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic play the 42 nd edition of their rivalry here on Sunday. 
                                    Djokovic  Federer  Novak Djokovic  Roger Federer

Community devastated over loss of Prichard businessman Community devastated over loss of Prichard businessman 
A man died in a late night fire in Prichard. It happened around 11:30 p.m. Thursday at a fireworks store located at the intersection of Highway 45 and West Clark Avenue.  
BREAKING: Mobile Police investigate homicide in Theodore Friday afternoon BREAKING: Mobile Police investigate homicide in Theodore Friday afternoon 
Mobile Police are investigating a homicide that occurred Friday afternoon in the area of Cedar Woods Drive. 
Play of the Week Play of the Week 
Please vote for Week 3's Play of the Week!  

Please vote for Week 3's Play of the Week!  
15-year-old abuse victim 15-year-old abuse victim 
Demetrius Longshaw has been arrested at least five times on domestic abuse charges.  

Demetrius Longshaw has been arrested at least five times on domestic abuse charges.  
VIDEO HIGHLIGHTS: Theodore, Davidson, Baker, McGill-Toolen, MGM, Foley, Alma Bryant, Foley VIDEO HIGHLIGHTS: Theodore, Davidson, Baker, McGill-Toolen, MGM, Foley, Alma Bryant, Foley 
Theodore defeated Davidson 26-10 in 7A Region 1 action while McGill-Toolen shutout Baker 35-0. 
VIDEO HIGHLIGHTS: Sweet Water, Mobile Christian, B.C. Rain, Escambia County, Excel, Bayside Academy, Murphy, Vigor VIDEO HIGHLIGHTS: Sweet Water, Mobile Christian, B.C. Rain, Escambia County, Excel, Bayside Academy, Murphy, Vigor 
In upset Friday, No. 5 Murphy fell 20-14 in overtime to the Vigor Wolves. 

In upset Friday, No. 5 Murphy fell 20-14 in overtime to the Vigor Wolves. 
Rookie cop was in right place at the right time when he caught domestic violence fugitive Rookie cop was in right place at the right time when he caught domestic violence fugitive 
One of the most wanted men on the Gulf Coast has been apprehended in Indiana.  

One of the most wanted men on the Gulf Coast has been apprehended in Indiana.  
Play of the Week: Daphne vs. Saraland Play of the Week: Daphne vs. Saraland 
Saraland vs. Daphne Play of the Week 

Saraland vs. Daphne Play of the Week 
Studio10 50 Shades of Hair 50 Shades of Hair 50 shades of hair 
B and T Productions is presenting a hair show Saturday, September 12, 2015 at Bishop State. It's called "50 Shades of Hair."  

B and T Productions is presenting a hair show Saturday, September 12, 2015 at Bishop State. It's called "50 Shades of Hair." 
  
2 recovering after train derailment in Texarkana 2 recovering after train derailment in Texarkana 
The two trains collided near the rail yard around the viaduct and Phenie Street at about 12:40 a.m. Tuesday, authorities say. 
 Twin brother: "Prichard's Fry Daddy died in fire" Twin brother: "Prichard's Fry Daddy died in fire" 
Updated: Saturday, September 12 2015 2:31 PM EDT 2015-09-12 18:31:43 GMT 

Danell Hunter says his identical twin brother Donnell loss his life to a fire in Prichard late on Thursday.“We came in this world together  

Danell Hunter says his identical twin brother Donnell loss his life to a fire in Prichard late on Thursday.“We came in this world together  
Prison Inmate escapes from Loxley Work Release Center Prison Inmate escapes from Loxley Work Release Center 
Updated: Saturday, September 12 2015 11:11 AM EDT 2015-09-12 15:11:57 GMT 

Alabama Department of Corrections officials say a prison inmate escaped from the Loxley Work Release Center in Baldwin County Friday night. 

Alabama Department of Corrections officials say a prison inmate escaped from the Loxley Work Release Center in Baldwin County Friday night. 
BREAKING: Mobile Police investigate homicide in Theodore Friday afternoon BREAKING: Mobile Police investigate homicide in Theodore Friday afternoon 
Updated: Friday, September 11 2015 10:36 PM EDT 2015-09-12 02:36:26 GMT 
Mobile Police are currently investigating on Rangeline Road. 
Mobile Police are investigating a homicide that occurred Friday afternoon in the area of Cedar Woods Drive. 

Mobile Police are investigating a homicide that occurred Friday afternoon in the area of Cedar Woods Drive. 
SLIDESHOW: August 30-September 5 mug shots SLIDESHOW: August 30-September 5 mug shots 
Posted: Sunday, August 30 2015 12:32 PM EDT 2015-08-30 16:32:08 GMT 

Updated: Sunday, August 30 2015 12:38 PM EDT 2015-08-30 16:38:17 GMT 
(Source: AP Graphics Bank) 
Mug shots of suspects arrested by Craighead County law enforcement officials during the week of August 30-September 5. 

Mug shots of suspects arrested by Craighead County law enforcement officials during the week of August 30-September 5. 
Pensacola part of 330-mile flea market Pensacola part of 330-mile flea market 
Updated: Saturday, September 12 2015 11:59 AM EDT 2015-09-12 15:59:23 GMT 

A 330-mile event dubbed the state's longest flea market and yard sale is under way this weekend.    Flea Across Florida kicked off Friday morning and will continue until Saturday evening.    

A 330-mile event dubbed the state's longest flea market and yard sale is under way this weekend.    Flea Across Florida kicked off Friday morning and will continue until Saturday evening.    
Maricopa Mugs: September Arrest Photos Volume 2 Maricopa Mugs: September Arrest Photos Volume 2 
Posted: Friday, September 11 2015 7:26 PM EDT 2015-09-11 23:26:31 GMT 

Updated: Friday, September 11 2015 7:26 PM EDT 2015-09-11 23:26:31 GMT 

Maricopa Mugs: September Arrest Photos Volume 2 

Maricopa Mugs: September Arrest Photos Volume 2 
Man dead in Prichard fire; community devastated over loss Man dead in Prichard fire; community devastated over loss 
Updated: Friday, September 11 2015 8:48 PM EDT 2015-09-12 00:48:10 GMT 

Prichard police say a man was found dead inside a fire at a local fireworks store. 

Prichard police say a man was found dead inside a fire at a local fireworks store. 
Sheriff's deputy arrested on child abuse charges Sheriff's deputy arrested on child abuse charges 
Updated: Saturday, September 12 2015 1:17 PM EDT 2015-09-12 17:17:00 GMT 

A Santa Rosa County Sheriff's Deputy was arrested Friday on charges of child abuse.   

A Santa Rosa County Sheriff's Deputy was arrested Friday on charges of child abuse.   
Auburn football: First home game Saturday Auburn football: First home game Saturday 
Updated: Saturday, September 12 2015 2:36 PM EDT 2015-09-12 18:36:28 GMT 

It's football Saturday in Auburn today, as the Auburn Tigers take on the Jacksonville State Gamecocks. Fans are excited for a big reason. 

It's football Saturday in Auburn today, as the Auburn Tigers take on the Jacksonville State Gamecocks. Fans are excited for a big reason. 
9/11 search dog honored with dream birthday bash 9/11 search dog honored with dream birthday bash 
Posted: Thursday, September 10 2015 7:03 PM EDT 2015-09-10 23:03:11 GMT 

Updated: Thursday, September 10 2015 9:28 PM EDT 2015-09-11 01:28:22 GMT 

As the 14th anniversary of Sept.11 approaches, one known surviving search dog who worked at Ground Zero after the terrorist attacks was honored in New York City with a Sweet 16 bash. 

As the 14th anniversary of Sept.11 approaches, one known surviving search dog who worked at Ground Zero after the terrorist attacks was honored in New York City with a Sweet 16 bash.

Alshahid website which broadcasts with three languages interviewed exclusively the founder of Zamzam University, Fikret Güler whose nationality is turkey, in Mogadishu, Somali capital. 
 
The interview started as flowing: 
 
Alshahid: first of all, welcome to Alshahid media after that, Can you talk about your background? 
 
Fikret Güler: I’m fikret Güler born 1970 in Turkey graduated from Uludağ University, faculty of agriculture in 1990, İ was completed my master degree in Bahçe Şehir University, Faculty of architecture, environmental design and planning. İ completed English language in Istanbul Bilgi University. İ worked in various social institutions as administrator in Turkey. 
 
When the period of our president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was governor of Istanbul, I was working with the local governments. 
 
On behalf of Turkey Government, I participated in many international meetings. 
 
Since 2014, I started to work with I.H.H, particularly the office in Somalia, while we got mutual relationship with Zamzam foundation, we founded Zamzam University, currently, I am the rector of Zamzam University. 
 
Alshahid: Since you are, the founder of Zamzam University, what do you think this institution will contribute to Somali high education system? 
 
Fikret Güler: We did research, before we established this university and we found that Somali country needs quality education with practice and we found in our research that the most needed areas which the following faculties included: 
 
i. Faculty of agriculture 
 
ii. Faculty of medicine 
 
 
iii. Engineering-civil Engineering 
 
So we decided to meet the needs in these Areas. 
 
Alshahid: You know that there are a lot of universities in Somalia therefore what will make Zamzam University outstanding from the other universities in the country? 
 
Fikret Güler: Somali country has land that is better for cultivation, but unfortunately there is a lack of quality education that is related to farms and local production and also there is a need for students to get agricultural practice, fort the sake of these reasons, this faculty became the first faculty we have started. We shall fully give practice to our agricultural students, also we will give them practice with the system of cultivating and irrigating, because of this quality education, we wish these students meet agricultural production in the country. 
 
When we looked the of health, there is much need in health of Somalia, so we founded faculty of medicine as to meet that need. our students of this faculty, we will give them chance to get permanent practice, so we made contract agreement with three Hospitals, which are ; 
 
i. Turkey-Somalia Hospital( ex-Dikfer). 
 
ii. Arafat Hospital 
 
 
iii. Zamzam Egyptian Hospital 
 

 
Also we made contract agreement with five clinic centers, which the students can access easily to do practice, there are also three universities which we got contract with, In Turkey, those are: 
 
i. Uludağ University 
 
ii. 19myıs University 
 
iii. Medı pol University 
 
 
These universities will give education to our students particularly short courses as to benefit students in the university. 
 
On the other hand, the country needs Engineers with quality, we hope to produce qualified Engineers from faculty of Engineering. 
 
We will send fifteen students to Turkey,we already started to send some of them, those include Postgraduate and PD, when these students graduate , they will back to the country and they wiil join with instructors at the university. 
 
Alshahid: The Agricultural School Project is part of IHH operations in Somalia, so do you think Zamzam University will be the role model of agriculture in Somalia? if yes? How. 
 
Fikret Güler: yes, we here have very strong practice, and also we want to implement greenhouse in the country, we also want to teach the students how to grow vegetables and fruits by using practice in the farming . 
 
We send qualified students to Turkey to study and then back to the country while they participate the development of the country, and especially to the university. 
 
Alshahid: IHH supports other universities in the country, especially vocatives of agriculture what is the main idea behind that? 
 
Fikret Güler: yes, it supports, For example, we back up Somali National University, City University particularly we have relations with these universities, and also we support every university with faculty of agriculture because, our goal is, that Somali country stands on its legs , our university is not A university for profit so we participate supporting all social institutions

DOT COM Global Ltd has informed BSE that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2015.Source : BSE

Read all announcements in DOT COM Global To read the full report click here

By STATE HOUSE NEWS SERVICE 

BOSTON -- Uber, Lyft and taxicab drivers showed up by the hundreds at the State House on Tuesday as lawmakers began to consider proposals to regulate the booming ride-hailing industry, including Gov. Charlie Baker's attempt to thread the needle between protecting public safety and encouraging innovation. 

With the Financial Services Committee preparing to consider four major bills this fall that would regulate so-called transportation network companies like Uber and Lyft, lawmakers are grappling with issues ranging from making sure for-hire cars are adequately insured to ensuring that drivers present no threat to the public. 

Public Safety Secretary Dan Bennett, testifying first on Tuesday, told members of the committee that Baker's bill would impose "one of the strongest state level background checks in the country" among states that have tried to regulate the smartphone-driven industry. 

The bill (H 3351) proposes a two-part background check for drivers, including a national check done by the company and a comprehensive state check that would include a criminal and sex offender registry check, as well as driving history. 

"No other state has adopted this type of belt and suspenders system," Bennett said. 

While Bennett emphasized safety, Assistant Secretary for Innovation, Technology and Entrepreneurship Katie Stebbins said Baker's bill was also "pro-business, pro-consumer and pro-innovation.Advertisement " "Disruption is a hallmark of innovation," Stebbins said. The governor's bill, she said, seeks to level the playing field while also avoiding the type of overregulation, like pricing controls, that could stifle growth in the industry. 

In addition to background checks, Baker's bill would require Uber and Lyft drivers to have a minimum $1 million insurance policy for death, injury and property damage that would kick in only when the driver had their app on, was driving to pick up a customer or had a passenger in the car. It will be up to the companies themselves how much of the insurance costs the drivers will have to shoulder. 

Because the TNC drivers use their personal vehicles for commercial purposes, the administration said it was important to distinguish between when the car was being used for business and personal use. The hybrid insurance product, which is currently sold by a company in Virginia, exceeds the requirements for taxi drivers, officials said. At least one company has proposed selling a similar type of policy in Massachusetts. 

Uber and Lyft drivers, wearing blue and pink T-shirts respectively, packed the grandstand of the Gardner Auditorium where the air was thick with humidity. Cab drivers wearing yellow T-shirts filled the lower seating area, and periodic cheers and boos erupted from both groups as lawmakers and the administration discussed the proposals. 

Uber and other groups, including Associated Industries of Massachusetts and the Massachusetts Technology Leadership Council, are supporting Baker's bill as opposed to separate legislation filed by Rep. Michael Moran and Sen. Linda Dorcena Forry, both of Boston, that would impose stricter regulations on the ride-hailing services. 

The Moran-Forry bill (H 3702) would, among other things, require a system of fingerprint background checks that Bennett said would be too "cumbersome" to implement. The Moran-Forry bill also encourages some oversight of Uber's "surge pricing" system, which charges passengers higher rates at peak hours to encourage more drivers to meet the demand. 

Baker officials said the state should not interfere with pricing, but rather allow consumers and the market to police itself. 

Angela O'Connor, chairwoman of the Department of Public Utilities, argued in favor of giving the regulatory oversight to the DPU, which currently regulates other commercial drivers, and said broad regulatory authority would allow the DPU to respond in the future to a rapidly changing industry. 

The department envisions starting with five new employees to oversee background checks and other functions, and would plan to purchase a database to track permitted drivers. Funding for oversight would come from an assessment on the transportation network companies. 

As lawmakers probed the rationale for the insurance and background check recommendations, Rep. James Cantwell, a Marshfield Democrat, raised the issue of car markings as he described a constituent who had strangers jump in his car at the airport thinking it was an Uber. 

Baker's bill does call for cars to be marked, but Bennett did not elaborate on what that would look like. 

Rep. Shawn Dooley, a Norfolk Republican, also raised a concern about the proposed five-day window for the DPU to perform its background check on new drivers. If the state check is not finished in time, the driver would be provisionally approved to start driving, Bennett said. 

Dooley said he wanted to see a policy where the driver could be provisionally disapproved if something out of the control of the DPU prevented them from completing the background check. 

"I don't care if it's a one-in-a-million chance, I don't want that guy out picking up my daughter from college," Dooley said. 

Before the hearing, taxi drivers from the Greater Boston area congregated outside the State House to make their opinions known. 

Eugene Larrame, who said he has driven a cab in Cambridge for 33 years, was one of about 15 drivers wearing yellow T-shirts that said "I'm a cab driver and I vote" on the back. 

Larrame said the state allowing "transportation network companies" like Uber and Lyft to have free reign is similar to a parent allowing one child to run wild. 

"Let's say you have four or five kids. One of them, you let them do whatever they want. What is going to happen, are you going to have a good kid?" he asked. "Probably not. It's the same thing happening here." 

During a radio interview on WGBH Tuesday, Attorney General Maura Healey outlined her general considerations. 

"I think that today's discussion, debate is really important," she said. "Look, this is a new industry, it is part of the new on-demand economy and, you know, as with any new sort of industry it is going to take some time and conversations and dialogue to figure out sort of the best path forward here. I know the Baker administration has put forward legislation and there are a few other bills out there pending. It's a really good discussion." 

Healey added, "First public safety should be protected. We want to make sure that as people use this service or are picked up by Uber or Lyft drivers that their public safety is protected and ensured . . . It speaks to background checks and measures such as that and it also is important that consumers are protected and that's what some of the discussion has been about. But, you know, I welcome the discussion and I'm looking to learn more, it's obviously not an area the attorney general has any direct oversight or regulation of and I think it's important." 

Asked by Boston Public Radio host Jim Braude why she couldn't issue ride industry regulation, like she did with e-cigarettes, Healey said, "This is a power and authority that exists within the Department of Public Utilities actually, a different state agency and I respect that. I respect the work of the Legislature and their efforts to engage in this discussion and debate. Look, it's not just here in Massachusetts, it's a debate, it's a discussion that we've seen nationally and as I said, I'm looking to learn more." 

Healey said she's used Uber and Lyft and likes both services. 

[Colin Young contributed reporting]

Weekends are made for shopping... that is, unless you work retail, and then they're made for working. While retail seems like it could be a simple job, anyone who's ever worked in a store knows that's completely untrue. From 12 hour shifts on your feet, to folding, re-folding, and re-folding the same shirt over and over again, here are 16 struggles that everyone who's ever worked retail knows to be true. 
- Continue Reading Below 

 No, that's fine, because the pants just magically refold themselves.  

 Not because you necessarily want to, but because you have to wear their clothes at all times. 
 
 Giphy.com 

No ma'am, I don't know precisely where they harvested the cotton to make that romper.  

​Oh the sun is out? You wouldn't know, you spend all day indoors.  
 
 Giphy.com 

 You can't plan anything until you see your schedule.  

​Sry mom.  
 
 Giphy.com 

Your 15-minute breaks are the only things that keep you sane.   

  ​The movies, 7/11, the library, ​anywhere ​ but the mall!  

 Because the only thing worse than missing out on plans for work, is missing out on making money for nothing.  

  ​Mom, there are no holidays in retail.  

Please don't pick up, please don't pick up... 
 
 Giphy.com 

LOL! Nothing is free, and you're pretty sure it's not even legal to call the percentage you get off a "discount."  

*tear*

PLANS for a £1.25m luxury housing development next to Gourock Golf Club are up in the air. 
     
Local property developer Ben Barrs hopes to build 15 apartments across three blocks on vacant land next door to his own house in Cowal View. 
 
Officials had recommended the plans for approval. 
 
But councillors today deferred a decision on the application as they met at the Muncipal Buildings to discuss the bid. 
 
At a meeting of the planning board this afternoon they decided to arrange a site visit to see it for themselves. 
 
Board members also held off on making a decision about another application which would pave the way for new homes in Kilmacolm. 
 
Permission had been sought to extend Leperstone Avenue to access the site for residential development. 
 
But councillors say they want to go on a site visit before they reach a conclusion. 
  
Jump to first paragraph.

Private garden in Niagara-on-the-lake Landscape fabric. It is not a particularly pretty topic to begin with after a bit of a blogging break, but bear with me. I think this is a series of posts worth reading if you plan to create a courtyard or pathway. (Coming up shortly, I promise to have more inspirational posts, new projects and a book give away.) Not too long ago, I received a question from a reader by email: Hi,
I am writing, first of all, to say that I love your blog, "Three Dogs in a Garden". As an avid flower gardener, I am inspired by the ideas I see there.
I've noticed that you have pea gravel paths in your garden. I am thinking of doing that, as well, but I wonder about your method for clearing them of leaves that collect in autumn. It seems to me that a leaf blower would also blow the gravel and a rake would rake up the gravel with the leaves and other debris. Do you clear the paths by hand?....
Thanks again for your blog, and happy gardening to you.
Jean 
Zone 4b, Wisconsin
I replied to Jean's email telling her that I use a standard fan rake. No big secret there! I do however, make an effort to clean up the leaves almost as soon as they fall. Freshly fallen leaves are so light and dry they seem to float on the surface of the gravel. Once the leaves get wet in the rain, raking up gravel along with the leaves is much more difficult to avoid.
As I typed out my reply, I felt I needed to warn Jean of an even bigger concern if she was thinking of adding gravel paths: working with landscape cloth. So I wrote back, touching on a few key problems and promising her I'd do a post on the subject.
Private garden in Niagara-on-the-lake Fine Gravel Pathway at the Toronto Botanical Gardens Pea gravel courtyard and path in a private garden. Pea gravel pathways in a private garden I always loved the look of gravel pathways and courtyards. They seem very old-world and even a bit romantic to me.
So when I planned out my garden, a little over ten years ago now, I included gravel pathways that would give the large circular garden at the very back of the property the European look I so admired.
This type of pathway also appealed to me as an affordable alternative to more expensive hardscaping with bricks or stone.
On top of the pleasing aesthetics, gravel paths seemed like a very doable project: you simply lay down some landscape fabric and cover it over with gravel. Sounds easy enough, doesn't it?
As best as I knew, landscape cloth was what professionals used for such an undertaking. Its use as a weed deterrent in flowerbeds was also very familiar. Here in Ontario, landscape cloth is commonly used as a low maintenance method of keeping weeds at bay in the public gardens that skirt new housing developments.
Only a few weeks ago, I watched a Chelsea gold metal winning British garden designer named Adam Frost install a landscape membrane (the English version of "cloth" or "fabric") to suppress weeds in his own personal garden.
Watch a clip from BBC's Gardeners' World showcasing Adam Frost's gravel garden. Though this method seems like a great way to suppress weeds, I have found that it is actually fraught with problems. It appears to work initially, but the benefits are short-lived.
I even would go so far as to say I would never ever use landscape fabric in a flowerbed. 
And here's why:
• Even with regular raking, flowers and leaves are bound to fall onto the surface material (gravel, mulch, bark, etc.) and break down. That little bit of compost, added to the excellent drainage the landscape cloth provides, will actually work contrary to the originally intended purpose of suppressing weeds. 
Here you can see a good example of the debris that falls onto a pathway. • Moving or dividing perennials will be more work than it would be in a conventional flowerbed. You'll have to rake away the surface covering (mulch, gravel etc.) and attempt to dig out the plant whose root ball will have grown well beyond the size of the original hole you cut into the landscape fabric. 
Planting the new division involves more raking away the surface material, cutting a new hole, planting and finally raking back the surface material. Trust me, you are going to be cursing that darn landscape cloth!
• The landscape cloth will make it impossible to add nutrition like compost or manure that your plants may require.
• Beneficial insects and earthworms, which aerate the soil, will find the landscape cloth blocks their natural movements and will avoid the area.
Jean emailed me back sharing her own experience using landscape cloth in a flowerbed:
"....Two years ago, I first killed weeds in an area along my side yard by laying down cardboard. Then I put down a double layer of landscape fabric over that and covered it with several inches of medium-sized bark chips. Last year, it looked fine. This year I have weeds poking through. I assume that the cardboard disintegrated and that squirrels or chipmunks dug into the wood chips and created holes in the fabric."
As Jean discovered the hard way, even the tiniest hole in your cloth is an open invitation for weeds. I have even found that weeds don't even need a hole. They will sometimes spread out there roots along the surface of the cloth and live quite happily.
Weeds in my garden growing on landscape cloth covered with pine mulch. The choice of pine mulch turned out to be a HUGE mistake. In an upcoming post, I will expand on my own experiences and express further concerns about any use of landscape cloth. 
Sadly, there aren't a lot of alternatives, so I'll touch on the various grade of cloth available, as well as share what I have found is the best way to work with this problematic material.

The Combined Champs, Contenders, & Challengers 
 
Yield (dividend/price) results from David Fish's Dividend Champions, Contenders, & Challengers [CCC] collected members (as of September 18 market closing prices paired with annual dividends projected August 31) were compared with analyst median target price estimates one year out. That data charted below showed just three of nine business sectors tending to the upside as represented by four services, five basic materials, and one financial firm. Those ten stocks represented seven challengers, two contenders and one champion and posted 25.84% to 78.28% analyst-augured price upsides. Then, on the downside, one champion financial firm was predicted to fall 11.35%. 
 
This article was written to reveal bargain stocks to buy and hold up to one full year. It was preceded by an article detailing the top yield Composite dividend champion, contender & challenger (CCC dogs) for this period. The report presumed yield (dividend/price) dividend dog methodology applied to any index and compared that index side by side with the Dow. Below, Arnold active dog selections for September 18 were disclosed step by step. Five actionable conclusions were reached. 
 
Actionable Conclusions: (1)  Ten CCCC Dogs Pursued 41.2% Average Upsides into September 2016;  (2)  One Down Dog Tumbled 11.35% 
 
Seeking Alpha reader requests prompted this series of index-specific articles reporting dividend yield plus price upside results for these indices: Dow 30; S&P 500; S&P Aristocrats; Russell 2000; NASDAQ 100; Champions; Contenders; Challengers; CCC Combined; and Global. Bonus reports … Read More …

Indian-American Pulitzer Prize winner Jhumpa Lahiri has been selected for the prestigious 2014 National Humanities Medal which would be presented to her by US President Ba.... 

DD News,Copernicus Marg

New Delhi-110001

Phone No. :

Designed and maintained by National Informatics Centre(NIC)

Going to grad school is both time-consuming and expensive, so it’s not a decision to make lightly. How much more you can earn will depend on both your undergraduate degree and the graduate degree you’d pursue. This calculator shows how your lifetime earnings would increase (or even decrease) based on your choices. http://lifehacker.com/should-i-go-to... Should I Go to Grad School? Should I Go to Grad School? Should I Go to Grad School? Dear Lifehacker, My undergraduate studies are coming to an end, but I'm not sure I want to… Read more Read more The calculator is on Quartz and the data comes from online lender SoFi, which analyzed data from 200,000 of its users who tried to refinance their student loans over the past year.
Advertisement Select your undergraduate degree field and on the right side of the chart you can see how much your median lifetime earnings would increase based on the graduate degree. Most of these are just as you would expect. If you have a degree in the humanities, getting an MA or MS in Humanities would boost your lifetime income 8.4%—a difference of $223,660 over your lifetime—compared to an increase of 175.7% if you went to dental school, a difference of $7,101,330. Granted, dental school takes longer and is more expensive. SoFi’s calculations also take into account income lost while you’re in school and student loan costs. The good news is that in all but four combinations, a graduate degree leads to higher median lifetime earnings. The exceptions, as Quartz reports: The glaring exception: People who got a bachelor’s in engineering, business, finance, or economics, and then pursued a graduate degree in fine arts, humanities, or social sciences. For instance, SoFi found that someone who got a bachelor’s degree in engineering saw their median lifetime earnings drop by 17% after getting a Master’s in fine arts. Sorry, MFA grads, but good news MBA students: No matter what your undergraduate major, an MBA boosts median lifetime earnings between 34% and 89%. If the data here doesn’t help you decide, you can calculate whether grad school is worth it for your particular situation and use the one-year salary rule of thumb to decide if getting a student loan for that degree will pay off. Should you go to graduate school? Yes. Maybe. Definitely not | Quartz

Students demonstrate an eco-friendly farm at the 'Solve for Tomorrow' National Youth Scientific Innovation and Experiment contest in Beijing. [Photo/Provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The use of wood pulp for paper making has long been a threat to forest preservation but an innovative idea from Chinese college students might offer a solution.

The technology of making paper from processed poultry feathers became a focal point at the regional final of the 2015 "Solve for Tomorrow" National Youth Scientific Innovation and Experiment contest for its potential to ease the industry's dependence on forest resources.

Developed by a three-student team from Tianjin University of Science and Technology, the innovation was patented as a "new invention" by the State Intellectual Property Office in May and was considered a favorite to win the creative segment of this year's contest.

"The idea just came from our curiosity about where all the feathers from chicken consumed in McDonald's and KFCs go. Then we found they could be useful with fibers available for paper making," Zhang Rongqi, a junior student in the development team, told China Daily at the China Science and Technology Museum, venue for the contest.

Feather-made paper has been produced as decorative wallpaper in a trial, while fiber separated from feathers through the new technology could also be used in air-purifying membrane production, said Ou Huajie , another team member.

However, the invention remains far from implementation as it needs further development for mass processing and production, according to the team.

The invention was one of 17 new technologies or ideas reaching regional finals of the contest's creative segment, in which students demonstrated their inventions through 20 minutes of presentation, operation and question and answer sessions with the judging panel, which included renowned scholars, officials and notary officers.

The contest also includes a challenge segment, which requires students to fulfill three assignments – smart transportation, wind power utilization and security protection – by making use of a limited number of tools and resources.

NFL Mobile from Verizon app redesigned with a “smart” Gameday / Non-gameday feature; premium live video of NFL games included for Verizon Wireless customers plus an option to upgrade to NFL RedZone
NFL Now “2.0” reprogrammed as a virtual 24-7 digital network to provide a constant video stream of the latest NFL news, 32 club channels, plus new “Sunday Blitz” gameday experience 
NFL Game Pass introduced in USA; bringing fans the best of premium NFL video and audio
September 8, 2015: Days from the start of the 2015 NFL regular season, NFL Digital Media unveils a suite of products, accessible across an array of platforms and devices, to keep fans entertained and abreast of all the latest news, video, and information on the road to Super Bowl 50.

  
 
1. LIE TO YOUR ATTORNEY 
 There is wisdom in the old adage "honesty is the best policy".  My goal is to present your story to the jury.  To do this well, I must rely upon what you tell me along with the information I gather from interviewing witnesses and examining the physical evidence.  My cross examination of the people testifying against you will be based, in part, on what you tell me about them and the case.  I firmly believe that it only takes one mistake in our case for the prosecutor to turn the jury against you and argue we simply playing with "smoke and mirrors".  So, please, be honest with me.  Let's look at this another way. Pretend you're at the doctor for a routine physical but you've been suffering from severe headaches for the last few weeks. If you didn't tell your doctor about your constant headaches, a possible tumor could go undiagnosed. The results could be disastrous: you could die.  The same goes with us.  When it comes to your case, tell us everything.  Otherwise, you increase the risk of going to jail or not receiving maximum payment for your injuries.  
 2. DON'T DO WHAT YOU ARE TOLD 
 I will probably give you a list of things to do that will help me defend you.  It can be something simply as providing me the names and addresses of your witness or making sure you do the assignments requested by the court necessary for resolving your case. If wither our office or the court gives you a task, make sure that it is done and done on time.  If you stand in front of a judge and have not done what you were asked to do by either the court or our firm, that doesn't do either of us any good.  It could result in plea bargains being withdrawn or, worse, the judge ordering you to jail.  
  3. GET ARRESTED 
 A new arrest can be a "case killer."  Judges do not like "pregnant defendants"-meaning that they don't want to see you keep adding more cases to their docket while your first case is still pending. Our experience has taught us that civil juries award less money to plaintiff's wearing orange jumpsuits. Criminal clients get bail revoked and the new arrest negatively affects the older prosecution. If it isn't obvious, let me be clear:  it is a standard condition of bail that you remain arrest and conviction free. Also, keep this in mind:  additional legal problems could also mean more attorney fees, since there would be more work to do.    4. MISS COURT  This is bad.  Failure to appear in court results in a bench warrant for your arrest, revocation of your bond, and possibly 6 months in jail for contempt of court. Make sure you show up.  If you're not sure of the date, call our office and we'll tell you the date, time and place.  If it's an emergency, let us know immediately.  With enough time, it's possible we can help you reschedule your court date or get permission to waive your appearance.  Do not simply fail to appear because you have not followed an instruction or would fail a drug tests.  Admittedly, those are serious problems but you will make that situation much worse if you simply fail to show up.  Two wrongs won't make a right.  5. TALK ABOUT YOUR CASE WITH YOUR FRIENDS  The reality is phones can be tapped.  So-called "friends" can wear wires.  Private investigators can snap pictures.  Anyone could kill your case.  I've lost 2 defensible federal gun cases because my clients were recorded on the jailhouse phone admitting possession of the guns and trying to obstruct justice by having others claim ownership of them. By keeping quiet, you minimize "self-sabotaging" your case.  5.5 DON'T PAY YOUR LAWYER  We understand no one can anticipate when he or she will need money for a lawyer's services.  Without timely payments, I am unable to devote the necessary time and manpower needed for your case.  In most instances, this causes my firm to withdraw our representation.  This makes nobody happy, and you will not be refunded any earned fees.  At the outset of the case, let us work with you to arrange a fee structure that works best for everyone.

Residents in Wellington's oldest multi-unit housing block have been calling for a community space for years, and Housing New Zealand has listened. 

The circular hall in Berhampore's Centennial Flats is being refurbished into a communal space, as it was originally intended during its construction in 1938.

Renowned New Zealand architect Gordon Wilson designed the entire modernist-style complex, with the hall intended for community use.

The community used it until the 1980s, when it was converted into a three-bedroom flat.

Construction on the hall could be completed as early as February 2016. 

Housing NZ stakeholder relationship manager Renee Martin says the hall will be available for a range of planned activities.

"It could be used as a meeting space, a mobile library, advisory and health services, exercise classes, cooking classes and for adult education purposes," she says.

A community meeting of about 40 people was held at Berhampore School in August to to discuss ideas for the hall. 

Cassandra RiversHousing NZ's central region communications manager, says the restoration has been met with a positive response from residents.

"There was a sense of, 'Yay, Berhampore is going to have its own space and people won't have to go to Island Bay or Newtown'."

In 2012 Housing NZ contracted firm Architecture Cubed to design and manage the refurbishment of the entire complex.

Architect Giles Alington says the renovations are complicated because of the complex's heritage listing 

Alington is working to reinstate three French doors at the entrance, which were part of the original design, and he is also trying to find a way to install a ramp for accessibility.

"We are working to come up with a design that doesn't compromise the exterior."

Inside the hall, they will remove the partition walls, then build bathrooms, a kitchen, a quiet space, and an office, he says. 

Project manager Martin Chastney says the refurbishment was divided into two stages, with the first already completed in February this year.

The second stage will represent a further investment of up to $5 million, bringing the total refurbishment cost to about $8m, he says. 

Resident MacMillan Tollo is now living in one of the units renovated during the first phase of the refurbishment.

He suffers from an artery blockage, for which he has undergone three operations. 

"I can't walk more than 50 metres because my leg swells up, so I am very happy there will be somewhere close for me to go."

The new hall will facilitate community spirit, he says. 

"In the 13 years I have lived here, I haven't seen much neighbourly spirit.

"After the changes, life will be good." - Stuff

Hamilton Tiger-Cats' running back Anthony Woodson (18, right) is tackled by Toronto Argonauts' defensive back Akwasi Owusu-Ansah (9) during second-half CFL football action in Hamilton on Monday, August 3, 2015.Toronto (6-3) and Hamilton (6-3) meet Monday afternoon at Tim Hortons Field with more than just bragging rights on the line. They're tied atop the East Division and will also meet Friday night at Rogers Centre. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Peter Power 
— image credit: 
  
By Dan Ralph, The Canadian Press 

HAMILTON - It goes back 65 years and spans 44 games but defensive end Ricky Foley believes the Toronto Argonauts-Hamilton Tiger-Cats Labour Day rivalry has never been better. 

Toronto (6-3) and Hamilton (6-3) meet Monday afternoon at Tim Hortons Field with more than just bragging rights on the line. They're tied atop the East Division and will also meet Friday night at Rogers Centre. 

This marks just the second occasion Toronto and Hamilton will be battling for top spot in the East on Labour Day and the first time they'll be playing for sole possession of first place. The season series — which would break any season-ending tie in the standings — will also be decided with the Ticats having won the first meeting 38-14 last month. 

And with Tim Hortons Field being a sellout, the atmosphere Monday will undoubtedly be electric. 

"I think it (Labour Day rivalry) is stronger now," Foley said. "Hamilton has been in back-to-back Grey Cups and we're the last team from the East to win the Grey Cup (2012). 

"Both teams are at the top (of the East Division) so it's amped up, more intense. And the new stadium, Tim Hortons Field, helps a lot because that's a crazy atmosphere." 

Foley embraces being Public Enemy No. 1 in Hamilton. 

"I wish every game was like that," said the 10-year veteran and top Canadian in Toronto's 2012 Grey Cup victory. "I wish every game was sold out, people crazy screaming and yelling at you telling you that you're no good. 

"I love that. That's what you play for, that kind of atmosphere. This is huge, absolutely huge, the biggest game of the year. That's no overstatement at all." 

Hamilton opened Tim Hortons Field with a 13-12 Labour Day win over Toronto last year. The Ticats reeled off 10 straight victories there before losing a 26-23 decision to Montreal on Aug. 27. 

"Coming off a loss we still have a sour taste in our mouth," said Ticats quarterback Zach Collaros, the CFL passing leader who began his career with Toronto in 2012. "I'm just excited to be out there competing no matter who it's against, it just happens to be a rival and Labour Day and so it's a big one." 

Toronto is also coming off a loss, 38-15 in Edmonton on Aug. 28, and is just 13-30-1 on Labour Day in Hamilton. But the Argos are 5-4-1 in their last 10 Labour Day clashes despite their last road win in Steeltown coming in 2012. 

"Our guys understand the next two games are against who they're against," Toronto head coach Scott Milanovich said. "I can hide it as much as I want but they understand what's in front of them and how quickly it's in front of them. 

"They know the next few days are going to be pivotal to where we're at going down the stretch. I still think the only way to approach it is get the first one and they worry about playing the second game." 

Hamilton coach/GM Kent Austin said rivalry games are important in football. 

"It's what makes football fun," he said. "You need rivalry games, for sure, otherwise it would be a lot more boring. 

"Our players understand (what's at stake) and we're counting on, I'm sure like they are, guys who've played in this game before to communicate that. Accountability and preparation have to come from within the team, it can't come from the coaching staff." 

Veteran quarterback Ricky Ray returns to Toronto's roster after missing the first nine games following off-season shoulder injury. But backup Trevor Harris, the CFL leader in TDs (19) and passing efficiency (112.7), will make his 10th straight start and says ball security is key against an opportunistic Hamilton defence. 

The Ticats defence has scored eight touchdowns (six interceptions, two fumble returns) and lead the CFL in takeaways (32), interceptions (14) and turnovers on downs (11). Hamilton has scored 121 points off turnovers this season. 

"They're playmakers, they're fast, they're always on the same page," Harris said. "It's one of those deals where if you throw one up they're going to pick it, if you fumble they're falling on it and probably scoop and score. 

"You have to limit your mistakes, make sure you're mentally in every single play because if you're not they will capitalize."

About the Book:
Title and Author: Milan (A Wedding Story) by Simi K. Rao No. of Pages: 152 Publication Date: Kando Books (31 August 2015) Genre: Indian Writing, Arranged Marriage, South Asian Literature, Multicultural, Hinduism, Family Relations, Contemporary Romance Language: English Blurb: When a daughter turns marriageable age, what should a responsible father do?  Easy—wed her to the most suitable boy who comes knocking on their door.  Jai Bharadwaj, Mili's father and owner of The Serenity Tea Estate in the idyllic Nilgiris would've probably liked to do the same, but being who he was, he had to ask her first.  What would Mili say? Book Review: Rating: 3.5/5 I have read Simi's books in the past and enjoyed them. Like her previous books, this one also has Indian arranged marriage in the mix but unlike the previous books, this is a Wedding Story!  The cover is beautiful and reminded me of the fun and happiness that comes when I attend a wedding in India. The blurb is interesting and instantly peaks our interest.  The plot is interesting and had great potential. The execution is entertaining but the story left so many questions behind in my mind. So many story lines were hinted at and then never developed which left questions in my mind like it is told that Mili's father is struggling to keep his business and Mili is determined to help her father but nothing is later elaborated on it neither is it mentioned in the story again. Then Mili's friends' angle is also hinted at but then left hanging and so on. Read my complete Review of Milan (A Wedding Story) here: http://www.njkinnysblog.com/2015/09/arc-book-review-milan-wedding-story-by.html Buying Links: Amazon IN | Amazon US About the Author: Simi K. Rao was born in India and has been living in the United States for several years. Milan (A Wedding Story) is her third novel. Her previous novels are titled: Inconvenient Relations and The Accidental Wife. The inspiration for this book, and her other projects, comes from her own experience with cross-cultural traditions, lifestyles and familial relationships, as well as stories and anecdotes collected from friends, family and acquaintances within the immigrant community. Rao enjoys exploring the dynamics of contemporary American culture blended with Indian customs and heritage to reflect the challenges and opportunities many Indian-American women face in real life. Much of Rao’s down time is devoted to creative pursuits, including writing fiction, poetry and photography. She is an avid traveler and has visited many locations around the world. A practicing physician, Rao lives in Denver. with her family. You can connect with the author and read more of her work at: www.SimiKRao.com  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/simikrao Twitter: https://twitter.com/simikrao
Receive all updates in your mailbox. Enter your email address:
Delivered by FeedBurner Install the free Android app for the blog

TORONTO -- R.A. Dickey earned his 100th career win, Josh Donaldson, Kevin Pillar and Jose Bautista homered, and the Toronto Blue Jays defeated the Tampa Bay Rays 5-3 on Friday.The Blue Jays (88-65) entered the opener of a three-game series with the Rays (75-79) leading the American League East by three games over the New York Yankees.Catcher J.P. Arencibia homered in the eighth for the Rays, who entered the night five games out of a wild-card spot.Donaldson, the designated hitter for this game, tied the score with a solo homer in the third. Pillar, the center fielder, gave the Blue Jays the lead with his solo blast in the fourth.It was the fourth attempt at winning No. 100 for Dickey (11-11).He allowed four hits, no walks and two runs while striking out two in seven innings. He retired the final 11 batters he faced.Right-hander Roberto Osuna pitched a 1-2-3 ninth for his 18th save of the season.Rays right-hander Jake Odorizzi allowed two home runs among seven hits, three walks and four runs in five innings. He struck out four.Bautista, the right fielder, led off the seventh with his 37th homer of the season on a 1-2 curveball from right-hander Kirby Yates, the second Rays reliever, to increase Toronto's lead to 5-2.Arencibia, a former Blue Jay, led off the eighth with his sixth homer of the season on a first-pitch fastball from right-hander Mark Lowe.The Rays scored twice in the first. Left fielder Grady Sizemore doubled with one out, third baseman Evan Longoria singled and second baseman Logan Forsythe was hit by a pitch to load the bases.A wild pitch scored Sizemore, and shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly to center.Consecutive two-out doubles by Pillar and third baseman Cliff Pennington gave Toronto a second-inning run.Donaldson tied the game with his 40th home run of the season, hitting a 2-2 cutter to center with one out in the third.Toronto took a 4-2 lead in the fourth.Pillar led off the fourth by taking a 1-1 fastball to center for his 12th homer of the season.Pennington followed with a double, was sacrificed to third by second baseman Darwin Barney and scored on left fielder Ben Revere's single.NOTES: LHP Jake McGee (torn left meniscus) will be activated from the disabled list Saturday. He has been on the disabled list since Aug. 20. ... Blue Jays SS Troy Tulowitzki (left collarbone fracture) continues to feel improvement as he works out and took swings off a tee on Thursday's off day. There is no date for a return. He was injured Sept. 12. ... 2B Devon Travis (left shoulder) had a cyst drained in his shoulder but no structural damage was detected from the exploratory procedure performed Wednesday. He will be ready for spring training. He went on the 15-day DL July 29 for the second time this season and was later moved to the 60-day DL. ... Former Tampa Bay teammates will oppose each other on the mound Saturday with LHP David Price (17-5, 2.34 ERA) starting for the Blue Jays against Rays RHP Chris Archer (12-12, 2.92 ERA.)

ABU DHABI // Residents in some of the capital’s exclusive gated communities have expressed concern over what they claim are excessive charges for chilled water since a new utility billing company took over. 

In July, Al Zeina, Al Muneera, Al Bandar and other Al Raha beach communities had the company responsible for district cooling services changed from Dimarco to Tasleem. Both  charge users based on metered consumption of chilled water. Residents, however, are questioning a new “infrastructure service charge” that they claim has resulted in huge increases to their monthly bill. 
 
“In effect, this has increased our monthly chilled water charge by between 50 and 300 per cent,” said Briton M W, who has been living in Al Zeina for a year. “In my case, it’s a 132 per cent increase.” 

The 60-year-old was paying an average of Dh260 a month to Dimarco compared with the Dh600 a month he now pays to Tasleem. He said that 33 per cent of the amount was because of the infrastructure charge. 
 
“Without Tasleem’s infrastructure charge, it would still be a 35 per cent increase over Dimarco,” he said. “But with the warmer weather of late, I could accept this. I would liken this to staying in a hotel, then having my room rate doubled to cover hotel maintenance.” 

A Dutch tenant in Al Zeina said the charges should be based on consumption only. 

Her Tasleem bill amounted to Dh332 of which Dh44.09 was the metred usage. Dh288 was the infrastructure charge. 
 
“The more you use, the more you pay,” I S said. “Also, this would mean that clients that are environmentally conscious are better off.” 

An Al Muneera resident said he used to pay Dimarco between Dh1,000 and Dh1,200 a year for consumption charges on a three-bedroom apartment, with no fixed monthly fee. 

“We used to pay Dimarco Dh60 during the normally hot months and Dh150 during the hotter months,” said  A L, 40. 
 
“My bill for July was Dh354, Dh66 of which was for consumption and Dh288 for what they call the infrastructure service charge,” the Italian said. 

“It’s unbelievable. You cannot change the company name, provide the same service and ask four times more than what we were paying before.” 

Emirati A A, however, said he had experienced a drop in prices. “I have owned a villa in Al Raha Gardens since 2010 and in comparison to last year’s June/July bill of Dh1,800, I have seen it drop this year to Dh1,200.” 
 
A Tasleem spokesman said the infrastructure charge was “not an additional charge levied by the company, and had always been part of the overall cooling fees paid by consumers”. 

“Tasleem has separated the infrastructure service charge from the consumption charge to bring greater transparency to customers’ invoices,” he said. “The fee structure is a  standard industry practice, and is in line with global benchmarks.” 
 
Residents also complained of being required to pay a Dh3,000 deposit, 300 per cent more than that charged by Dimarco. 

rruiz@thenational.ae

NEW BRUNSWICK — Neighbors and others who knew them reacted with a mixture of sadness and shock at news of the arrests of five recently active Rutgers University football players who authorities said were among a larger group of suspects charged in connection with a string of crimes, including an assault and a number of home-invasion robberies. 
 
  RELATED:   First of several arrests in alleged spree made one month ago  
 
A total of 10 suspects were charged following an investigation into an incident the night of April 26, when three masked men burst into a New Brunswick home and robbed five Rutgers students at gunpoint. 
 
Authorities have since linked various suspects to other, subsequent crimes, including a second home-invasion robbery on Hartwell Street the following night and an attempted robbery at a Livingston College dorm in May. Six of the suspects face riot and assault charges stemming from yet another incident, a violent confrontation on Delafield Street April 25. 
 
The announcement of the arrests, coming just before the start of the college football season, is yet another mark against Rutgers athletics, at a particularly bad time for head coach Kyle Flood . It is also another test for the Middlesex County prosecutor's office, which just this week announced the outcome of the last high-profile case of football players' alleged violence in the Sayreville hazing incident. 
 
Along with the five recently active players, who have all been suspended from the team , the suspects include the daughter of a high school football coach and a brother of one of the players. The suspects also include a former Rutgers University player,  Tejay Johnson, 23, who was charged on Aug. 5 with armed robbery, criminal restraint and weapons offenses, court records show. It was not the first time the standout defensive back was in legal trouble — he was accused of beating and robbing a man in Egg Harbor, charges that were later dropped . 
 
"It's heartbreaking," said a college coach in Johnson's hometown of Egg Harbor who followed his career. "We were just talking about him. Was he going back to Rutgers this year?" 
 
In addition to Johnson — alleged to be involved in every incident and jailed on $650,000 bail — the other suspects are: 
 Andre Boggs, a starting cornerback , who is being held on $500,000 bail, according to the Middlesex County Adult Corrections Center in North Brunswick. He was involved in the Hartwell Street and Livingston College invasions, authorities said. He has been widely regarded as a hero in his native Coatesville, Pa., a small rural town where, as one resident said Thursday, "everybody knows everybody."  Nadir Barnwell, the cornerback whose academic status the head coach allegedly meddled in. He was charged with aggravated assault and riot in the alleged Delafield assault. Thursday evening, he was in the process of being bailed out of jail, records show.  Ruhann Peele, who has just moved past his own legal issues stemming from an assault charge , was jailed on $25,000 bail, according to records. He was also accused in the Delafield assault. "I hope this doesn't affect his scholarship," said Dr. Marlena Berghammer, a neighbor of Peele's mother. "I hope he doesn't [lose it], he was the one in his family his mother was counting on. His mother works so hard," she said, also describing Peele as a "good boy" who "keeps to himself."  Rahzonn Gross, a sophomore fullback who allegedly participated in the attack on Delafield Street. Bail was set at $25,000, prosecutors said.  Delon Stephenson, a junior defensive back from Sayreville, also charged in the Delafield attack. Bail was set at $75,000.  Daryl Stephenson, Delon's brother, who prosecutors said Thursday was still at large. Bail was set at $25,000, again in the alleged Delafield attack.  Jianan Chen, 19, of New Brunswick, and Dylan Mastriana, 19, a Rutgers student, allegedly planned several of the home invasions, prosecutors said. Bail was set at $500,000 for Mastriana and $100,000 for Chen. It's unclear where they're being held.  Kaylanna Ricks, charged with driving the getaway car in a home invasion. Bail was set at $75,000, but no information was available from jail records. Her father, a football coach, said he stands by her .  
NJ Advance Media reporters Pete Genovese, Spencer Kent and Craig McCarthy contributed to this report. 
 
Brian Amaral may be reached at bamaral@njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @bamaral44 . Find NJ.com on Facebook . 
 
Paul Milo may be reached at pmilo@njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @PaulMilo2 . Find NJ.com on Facebook 
 
 

Richmond made progress in 2015 with impressive wins over top teams. But then they made their third elimination-final exit in a row. 

2015 season review

Team: Richmond looked to have made progress in 2015 with impressive wins over the league's elite. But all of that may have been wasted through a third-straight elimination-final exit. What should Tiger supporters take out of the year?

Position: Fifth (at end of home and away games, 15-7). Lost to North Melbourne in an elimination final.

Last season: Eighth (12-11)

Players used: 38

Personnel changes: It's been a stable era for the Tigers, with coach Damien Hardwick and chief executive Brendon Gale in unison since 2010, and with president Peggy O'Neal – in her second season in charge after replacing Gary March – adding her voice to their calls for patience from fans. However, Hardwick has only a year left on his contract, and the Tigers face an intriguing debate this summer over whether to extend his deal in a show of faith or wait until next season and see if an important step is made. We know what the Tigers of old would do. On the field, Taylor Hunt was a success in midfield, playing in 23 matches after joining from Geelong. Kamdyn McIntosh, after a 2014 campaign derailed by injury, would also become a regular.

Out the door: Veteran Chris Newman revealed in August he intended to retire, and the Tigers had hoped to finally deliver a finals win for the veteran defender. But it wasn't to be and, after 268 games and 14 seasons, Newman retired on Sunday without that cherished victory. Chris Knights' wretched run with injury has forced the talented forward into retirement. Ruckman Shaun Hampson is one of a handful of players fighting to retain his spot.

What went right: Wins over Fremantle at Domain Stadium, over the Swans at the SCG and Hawthorn at the MCG were impressive. The Tigers were tough in the clinches through the home-and-away campaign, recording a contested-possession differential of +7.9, ranked fourth in the league, but they were -33 against the Kangaroos. Key forward Ty Vickery came of age but he will be haunted over summer by his miss for goal late in the elimination final. Overall, Brett Deledio emerged as a goal-kicking star (except in the elimination final), Jack Riewoldt was unselfish, Alex Rance inked a long-term contract and was superb in defence, Dustin Martin was a force, McIntosh and Hunt added depth and small forward Shane Edwards continued to show his toughness. The team matured in its ability to execute a game plan.

What went wrong: A third-straight exit in an elimination final, blowing – as they did against Carlton in 2013 – a strong lead. Board expectations were that the Tigers would win at least one final. While there was progress through the season, their campaign may ultimately be remembered for questionable selection decisions last week in recalling the underdone Ben Griffiths (first match since round 17) and Reece Conca (first game since round 19 and only third of the year) for the elimination final, after Ben Lennon and Sam Lloyd had been regular selections at the back end of the season. The Tigers had learnt to be more patient through the season, particularly when counter-attacking from half-back, but their skills against the Kangaroos when the pressure was at its fiercest were sloppy. Ruckman Ivan Maric was a warrior but he struggled against bigger-bodied types such as Todd Goldstein. Skipper Trent Cotchin had a stinker when it counted but could Hardwick have helped him more?

Shining lights: Alex Rance, Brett Deledio, Shane Edwards, Dustin Martin, Jack Riewoldt, Brandon Ellis and Troy Chaplin had strong home-and-away seasons. But Chaplin, Edwards, Deledio and Ellis were among those to have had a poor finish.

What's required to improve in 2016: The bottom line, as Essendon great and prominent commentator Tim Watson says, is that the Tigers still don't have enough players who can play high-level finals football. They need to find a consistent goal-kicking small forward, with Chris Yarran – used as a rebounding half-back at Carlton in recent seasons – firmly on the radar. The Tigers felt they were the frontrunner to secure smooth-moving Giant Adam Treloar, but they are now only an outside chance. They need to find themselves a quality back-up big man for Maric, while it's also time to look for a defender to help Rance. Jake Carlisle anyone? Club great Kevin Bartlett has urged an "ambitious" off-season recruiting plan.

Who'd have believed it: Another finals disaster would have resulted in Hardwick's instant sacking in the 1980s and '90s. He will be back for 2016.

Grade: Were expected to win a final. C The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

Mercedes Concept is Two Cars in One THE SHOP News September 24, 2015 The Mercedes-Benz Concept IAA (Intelligent Aerodynamic Automobile) is two cars in one: an aerodynamics world champion with a Cd value of 0.19, and a four-door coupe embodying irresistible design. The study, which celebrated its world premiere at the Frankfurt International Motor Show, switches automatically from design mode to aerodynamic mode when the vehicle reaches 50 mph, whereby numerous aerodynamics measures alter the shape of the vehicle. Inside, the Concept IAA continues the design line of the S-Class and S-Class Coupe, offers new touch-based functions and provides an idea of what the interior of a business saloon might look like in the near future. At the touch of a button, or automatically at approximately 50 mph, the vehicle performs a transformation in which the four-door coupe turns into an aerodynamics world champion: eight segments extend at the rear, increasing its length by up to 15.3 inches; front flaps in the front bumper extend by nearly an inch to the front and 20mm to the rear, improving the airflow around the front end and the front wheel arches; the Active Rims alter their cupping from 55mm to zero; and the louver in the front bumper moves 60mm to the rear, improving the underbody airflow. “Fascinating and technically sophisticated cars form the core of Mercedes-Benz. The Concept IAA applies intelligent innovations to resolve the conflicting aims of functionality and aesthetics and shows that we still have plenty of ideas on how to achieve further improvements in efficiency,” said Prof. Dr Thomas Weber, member of the Daimler Board of Management responsible for Group Research and Head of Mercedes-Benz Cars Development. Mercedes-Benz 'Concept IAA' Rides Related Posts
Wireless Phone Charger by Mopar Contending for AOL Technology of the Year November 29, 2013 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Coupe Adds Space, Debuts New Design August 17, 2015 Editors’ Choice Awards name Chevy Corvette Stingray ‘Best in Show’ January 21, 2013 Mercedes-Benz USA to take the distribution of smart car from Penske February 16, 2011 Impreza Concept Debuts December 17, 2010 1934 Voisin Named Best of Show at Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance August 24, 2011

The Georgia Society of CPAs (GSCPA) and the Georgia Food Bank Association have announced the results of the second annual Georgia Accounting Food Fight. During the friendly, two-week competition, accounting firms and industry accounting departments statewide raised food and funds for Georgia's eight regional food banks. The competition took place Aug. 17-28. 

Since its inception in 2014, the Georgia Accounting Food Fight has collectively raised $197,260 and 21,237 pounds of food.  
 
"Our profession has a strong and proud culture of giving back. Participating in this annual food and fund drive competition is a great opportunity for accountants to help their neighbors in need," said Lowell Mooney, chair of GSCPA’s Board of Directors, in a statement.  

The second annual Georgia Accounting Food Fight raised 11,376   pounds of food and $100,006. As a result of these donations, more than 400,000 meals can be provided to families, seniors and children. This year, 55 firms in 22 cities raised food and funds for their regional food banks. 

“Many families in Georgia struggle to put food on their table. The Georgia Accounting Food Fight is our chance to make a difference and use our one voice to give hope to so many in need,”  GSCPA CEO Boyd Search  stated . 

The Grand Prize Winner, Pennington & Berry, LLC, raised food and funds for the Golden Harvest Food Bank. This is the second year Pennington & Berry has taken home the Grand Prize. 

The Industry Award winner, raising food and funds for the Atlanta Community Food Bank, is Chick-fil-A. Chick-fil-A's accounting department is the first to win an award in the industry category.  

There were two winners in the Large Firm category that both raised food and funds for the Atlanta Community Food Bank: the per capita winner was Moore Colson, and the firm with the greatest total points was Dixon Hughes Goodman. 

The winner of the Medium Firm category, raising food and funds for the Atlanta Community Food Bank, is Williams Benator & Libby. 

The winner of the Small Firm category, raising food and funds for the Food Bank of Northeast Georgia, is Collins/Moody & Company. 

The winner of the Sole Proprietor category, raising food and funds for the Atlanta Community Food Bank, is  Yujia Chen. 

For more on the GSCPA, head to their site here.

American Horror Story: Hotel Facebook/American Horror Story: Hotel 

Showrunner Ryan Murphy recently unveiled three promos for the upcoming season of "American Horror Story" entitled "Hotel" and the clips have given viewers a glimpse into the horrors lurking behind the walls of Hotel Cortez. 
 
The first clip is entitled "Towhead" and it shows a group of platinum blond children walking down a flight of stairs. They are joined by another group of equally-terrifying kids at the bottom of the stairs. 
 
It is not immediately known who these children are, but as Murphy told Entertainment Weekly , "There's nothing scarier than a platinum blonde baby running around doing evil deeds." 

The second trailer, "Sleepwalker", shows viewers someone being sewn into a mattress, and the third clip, "Jeepers Peepers," shows the office of original hotel owner and serial killer James March. 
 
"AHS: Hotel" is set in modern day Los Angeles, and the events in season 5 takes place approximately five years after season 1 of "American Horror Story." Therefore, chances are high Jessica Lange's character, the manipulative Constance, could appear in "Hotel." 
 
"I've been talking to her," Murphy told Entertainment Weekly . "It's always possible. I'm trying to deal with her play schedule. Jessica is always about the character. She'll be back—she's not gone forever. But that's the fun and fresh thing about the show: sometimes somebody has to go away before you realise how much you miss them. She wants to come back we just have to come up with something." 
 
Another character that will return from the first season is Marcy, the character essayed by Christine Estabrook. Marcy was the realtor who sold the haunted house to the Harmons, and not surprisingly, she is the real estate agent for Hotel Cortez too. 
 
Marcy's appearance is not a surprise, as Murphy had earlier revealed that all the seasons of "American Horror Story" are interconnected. 
 
"They're all connected," Murphy told Entertainment Weekly last October. "We're just beginning to tell you how they're connected. They're all very separate but there are clues every season that we're now telling you how the different worlds are intertwined." 
 
FX is set to premiere season 5 of "American Horror Story: Hotel" in October. 
 
Article Published: September 2, 2015 19:3

Apple Daily: Apple Special Event Primer, Glowing 'Steve Jobs' Review; Apple and A.I. Posted 09/08/2015 at 4:07pm | by Leif Johnson 0
Comments If you want to know what to expect at Apple's "Hey, Siri" media event tomorrow, we've already got a broad outline prepared for you. Elsewhere, critics are already in love with Danny Boyle's Steve Jobs film, and Apple itself is preparing to hire more people for its efforts in artificial intelligence. The question, though, is whether it's ready to give up some of its commitment to privacy to achieve its goals.What to Expect at Tomorrow's Apple Event
We're just a day away from Apple's "Hey, Siri" media event, and as has been the case for the last couple of years, so many seemingly legitimate rumors have popped up in the last few weeks that it seems safe to say we already know about most of the things we'll see on stage. (Expect Tim Cook and friends to make yet another joke about how Apple's "doubling down" on security.) It's thought to be a product-packed event, with Apple announcing everything from the so-called iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, the 12.9-inch "iPad Pro," the fourth-generation Apple TV, to updates for iOS 9 and WatchOS 2 and new wristbands for the Apple Watch. As always, we'll be on hand to relay the news as we hear it if you're unable to watch Apple's live stream.
As usual for this time of year, we'll almost certainly see the next-generation iPhones, which (in line with Apple's tradition for "s" releases) probably won't look too different from the current iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. On the inside and in the details, though, they're thought to feature improved Series 7000 aluminum in order to avoid another "Bendgate," Apple's recent pressure-sensitive "Force Touch" technology, a faster A9 chip, and 2GB of RAM. In addition, the new phones are thought to come in a new rose gold color option and to sport a 12-megapixel rear-facing camera and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera.
Apple is also widely expected to announce the fourth-generation Apple TV at the event, which is thought to come with its own App Store, Siri support, a universal search feature, and HomeKit support. In addition, it will likely come with a motion-sensitive remote control with multi-axis sensors. The remote is also thought to come with both a touchpad and buttons for interactions, a microphone for Siri, and it's believed to come in black instead of the usual silver. Unfortunately, Apple's long-awaited "cable-cutting" streaming TV service likely won't make the show as it's believed to be bogged down in negotiations.
At last, we'll probably also see the long-rumored 12.9-inch "iPad Pro" on stage, which is thought to come with a 2732×2048 pixel display at 226PPI, Force Touch support (along with a compatible stylus), an A9 chip with 2GB of RAM, and stereo speakers. There's also a small chance that it will come with USB-C ports for attaching peripheral devices, but that's one of the more dubious rumors out there. A new, flatter Apple wireless Bluetooth keyboard is also expected to release alongside the device.
In addition, we'll probably see Apple announce the iPad mini 4, which is thought to be a smaller version of the iPad Air 2. Along with some (likely minor) updates about iOS 9, Apple is also expected to announce new Apple Watch Sport bands with new colors.
 Steve Jobs Film Earns Glowing Early Reviews, Even From Woz
The early reviews and opinion pieces for Danny Boyle's Steve Jobs film are in, and it's hard to find a negative word among them. The Aaron Sorkin-penned film premiered at Colorado's Telluride Film Festival over the weekend, where it was presented as a "work in progress" owing to the desire for a few more tweaks, but even in that state, it wowed audience members and, yes, even Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak himself.
One of the most notable pieces regarding this weekend's viewing comes from Deadline, which notes that writer Aaron Sorkin's work here is "even more effective" than it was in the Oscar-winning The Social Network. Deadline calls it "an action movie driven almost exclusively by words." It also notes that Michael Fassbender pulled off his role of Jobs almost to perfection — "a spot-on and relentless portrayal of the not-very-likable computer genius."
But it's one thing to hear this kind of stuff from journalists; it's quite another to hear similar praise from Steve Wozniak, who "gives full credit to Danny Boyle and Aaron Sorkin for getting it so right."
"I saw a rough cut and I felt like I was actually watching Steve Jobs and the others (including Rogen’s dead-on portrayal of Wozniak), not actors playing them," said Wozniak.
Variety had similar praise for the film, and it noted that even the cinematography bears the mark of genius:
"Besides Guy Hendrix Dyas’ unobtrusively excellent production design, the picture’s major visual coup is the decision to shoot the three acts on three different formats: grainy 16mm film for 1984, lustrous 35mm for 1988, and sleek, high-definition digital for 1998. The distinctions may well be lost on the vast majority of viewers, but it’s just the sort of nicely understated aesthetic flourish that Steve Jobs himself would have surely appreciated."
We're still over a month away from the film's wide release date of October 9, but already Michael Fassbender's performance is being called Oscar-worthy from several sources, although this weekend's showings also revealed that he faces tough competition in the Best Actor category from Johnny Depp in Black Mass and Eddie Redmayne in The Danish Girl. In his statement to Variety, though, Woz said that "of all the actors in the film he thinks [Kate] Winslet might be the most likely to garner awards attention."
 Apple Seeking to Expand Its Artificial Intelligence Team
Apple is apparently eager to improve its expertise in the field of artificial intelligence, and to that end, a new report from Reuters claims that the Cupertino company is trying to hire at least 86 new employees from the field in general and from the field of "machine learning" in particular. Apple, so the report says, wants to challenge Google's popular Google Now service that anticipates what its smartphone users want to do, and thus the iPhone maker is courting key researchers from Google, Facebook, Amazon, and other companies.
Not surprisingly, Siri reportedly stands at the center of Apple's artificial intelligence efforts, and the company hopes the new personnel with improve the service's various functions. The problem, Reuters notes, is that Apple might have to compromise its famed commitment to consumer privacy in order to pull it off.
Consider the case of Apple's Proactive feature from iOS 9, which performs similar functions to those in Google Now but mainly works with the data that's already on a user's iPhone. Since very little information goes into the cloud, Proactive has little access to online machine-learning research banks that can improve the service or, for that matter, machine learning in general. It's thought, in fact, that Apple's staunch refusal to let the cloud and researchers handle some of its users' information might be scaring away some of the very researchers it wants to attract.
There's a chance, the report notes, that Apple might be changing its stance as it attends more industry conferences and strengthens its ties with academia. In the meantime, Apple is working with what it has, and quite diligently at that: according to one unnamed insider source, the company's machine learning has tripled or quadrupled in size over the course of the last few years.
Follow this article's writer, Leif Johnson, on Twitter. Tags: NewsAIApple Watchartifical intelligencebiopicHey SiriiOS 9iPadiPad Miniipad proiphoneiPhone 6siPHone 6s PlusMichael FassbenderSiriSteve Jobs

Oil Swap 
 
The EIA is reporting that oil swaps with Mexico will bring economic and environmental benefits to both countries. 
 
Related:  Swapping Oil with Mexico  
 
Last month, the U.S. Department of Commerce opened the door for a limited amount of oil to be exported to Mexico through an exchange program that will allow the U.S. to ‘swap’ its light sweet crude for Mexican heavy sour crude. 
 
Light sweet refers to crude with a sulpher content of less than 0.42%. Currently, U.S. Gulf Coast refineries are better suited to process heavy sour crude and Mexican refineries are more equipped to process lighter crude. The swap will allow the two countries to optimize their existing refining processes and increase the supply of lower-sulfur gasoline from Mexican refineries. 
 
The Energy Information Administration (EIA) released a report last week saying that there may be significant environmental benefits from such oil exchanges. 
  
The partial substitution of Eagle Ford crude for Mexican crudes in Mexican refineries would free up sulfur removal capacity in the Mexican refining system. This would, in turn, allow that capacity to be used to produce more lower-sulfur gasoline than is currently possible. Any increased supply of lower-sulfur gasoline to Mexico’s motor gasoline market, which consumed 761,000 b/d in 2013, would result in reduced sulfur emissions and other environmental benefits.   
Currently, U.S. Gulf Coast refineries are better suited to process heavy sour crude and Mexican refineries are more equipped to process heavier crude. 
 
Many are hoping this new policy signifies a shift in opinion about the oil export ban that has been in effect since the 1970’s, but some analysts believe the effort may be mostly symbolic. Read more:  Mexico Oil Swap Not Significant 
 The following two tabs change content below.      Elizabeth Alford  Elizabeth Alford writes on significant news developments in the Eagle Ford oil and gas play taking place across South TX. She is a freelance writer with an extensive communications, PR, and staff writing background.         Latest posts by Elizabeth Alford ( see all )

4 beds, 3.50 baths 
Home size: 2,536 sq ft 
Lot Size: 2,449 sq ft 
Added: 09/12/15, Last Updated: 09/19/15 
Property Type: Townhouse, Residential 
MLS Number: 5333651 
Community: Grayhawk 
Tract: Avian At Grayhawk Condominium 
Status: Active 


Semi-custom townhouse-style condo that has been meticulously cared for in this guard-gated golfing community. This end unit home is the largest floor plan in Avian with 2536 sf, 4 bedrooms plus a den, with the master bedroom, en-suite guest bedroom and den downstairs. Den has a beautiful glass french door entry and a built-in desk. Upstairs are two bedrooms that share a jack-n-jill bath. Spacious walk-in closets. Kitchen cabinets have been updated, new SS appliances, Silestone counters, gas cook top, wall oven, under-cabinet lighting and eat-at bar. Family room has gas fireplace with surround sound and wonderful art display niches. This unit is located just steps away from one of the 2 heated community pool-spas. 

Listed with United Real Estate Scottsdale 

Brought to you by Jonathan  Dalton, Realty ONE Group. Call me today at 602-502-9693, or visit my website at www.allphoenixrealestate.com !

was published by MotoGP and discovered approx. 3 hours ago on 9/7/2015 @ 7:54 AM UTC .
              It is categorised in - Sport category. From our stats it is clear it has reached highest rank of 1.190 so far, which is ranking 5.478 that month!
              Being shared by approx. 87 users in first 1 hours. 
              We will track this post for 19 hrs . The post will become inactive 9/8/2015 @ 7:54 AM UTC

DUBAI, Sept 7 Gulf equity markets edged up in
early trade on Monday, despite weaker oil and a fresh sell-off
in China, and Dubai led gains as investors bid up property
stocks, hoping that companies would announce positive news at an
annual industry exhibition. 

Dubai's index rose 1.2 percent with developer DAMAC
, the most traded stock, jumping 2.0 percent and the
runner-up, builder Arabtec, surging 3.8 percent. 

The Cityscape property exhibition and conference opened in
Dubai on Monday; companies in the sector have traditionally used
it to announce new projects and contract awards. 
 
Elsewhere in the Gulf, Abu Dhabi climbed 0.4 percent
as telecommunications firm Etisalat rose 1.1 percent,
extending gains after it announced on Sunday that it would open
its shares to foreign and institutional investment from Sept.
15. 
 
Qatar's bourse added 0.6 percent with most stocks
positive, Oman was up 0.1 percent and Kuwait's market
 edged up 0.5 percent. 
 
Kuwait Food Co (Americana) surged 4.7 percent
after Bloomberg reported that Singapore's Temasek Holdings had
teamed up with Saudi Arabia's Savola Group to bid for
the firm in a deal that could be worth $4-5 billion. A series of
potential suitors has been looking at Americana for more than a
year, so far without result.

 (Reporting by Olzhas Auyezov; Editing by Andrew Torchia )

DYLAN Walker and Aaron Gray are expected to make a full recovery from their overdose of painkillers, amid growing calls for the NRL to address the problem of the misuse of ­prescription medicine within rugby league. The condition of the South Sydney duo has improved considerably since they were rushed to St Vincent’s hospital on Tuesday morning and they could be released by the end of the week.

After being admitted in a critical condition, Rabbitohs CEO John Lee on Wednesday said that assessment has since been updated to good.

Lee said the pair were now free of medical equipment that was supporting them after their near-death experience.

DRUGS: ‘People are dying from this’

PLAGUE: ‘Drug use sending players to the brink’

TROUBLE: Mark Geyer reveals addiction “They’ve gone from critical to stable and now I can report that their condition is even better, it’s good,” Lee said.

“Both the players are very alert. They’re communicating with medical staff and with their families.”

Lee said Gray’s situation was particularly dire.

“Their health was paramount and that’s why the medical staff at St Vincent’s acted very quickly to stabilise them,’’ he said.

“It was a very serious matter. If circumstances had been different, if there hadn’t been another person at the unit, we might have been talking about a totally different event.”

The incident intensifies the spotlight on one of league’s biggest but quietly kept problems. Police and the NRL Integrity Unit are investigating.

Men work on the production line at the London Taxi Company in Coventry, central England, September 11, 2013. REUTERS/Darren Staples  
LONDON, Sept 1 (Reuters) - A two-year spell of jobs growth across British factories came to an end last month as manufacturing activity expanded at a slower pace, a survey showed, suggesting the sector is unlikely to boost economic growth much this quarter. 

The Markit/CIPS UK Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell in August to 51.5 from 51.9 in July, confounding expectations for a rise to 52.0. 

While still holding above the 50 threshold for growth, the survey underlined Britain's reliance on its services sector and big-spending consumers to drive the economy. 

There were mixed signals for the manufacturing outlook. New orders came in at the fastest pace in five months but export orders continued to contract, while backlogs of work shrank at the fastest pace since March 2013. 

And the PMI's jobs index fell below 50 for the first time since April 2013, adding to recent signs Britain's labour market has cooled off after a two-year strong run. 

"The UK manufacturing sector remains in a holding pattern, with production growth hovering around the stagnation mark and marginal job losses reported for the first time in 26 months," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at survey compiler Markit. 

"On this basis, the sector looks unlikely to make much of a contribution to the solid gain in broader GDP growth expected for the third quarter." 

Survey compiler Markit said worries about the health of the Chinese economy ought only to have a minimal impact on British manufacturers, given exports to China make up only a small proportion of the British total. 

But it added that it was too early to say if there would be any knock-on effects. 

A survey from manufacturing lobby EEF at the weekend suggested almost half of British manufacturers were worried about a possible sharp slowdown in China, with one-in-ten reviewing their business plans. 

Markit said prices paid by manufacturers for raw goods and energy plunged at the fastest pace since January, suggesting little sign of inflation pressure in the pipeline from British industry. 

Oil prices fell near a 6-1/2-year low last week, entrenching expectations of low inflation in advanced economies and pushing back market expectations for the first Bank of England interest rate hike from the Bank of England deep into next year. 

Last month the BoE stressed how a recent strengthening of the pound and a renewed fall in oil prices would push down inflation until at least the middle of next year, adding that the impact of a recent rise in sterling could persist even longer. 

(Reporting by Andy Bruce; Editing by Toby Chopra)

MPs are set to vote on the right to die for the first time in almost 20 years today as controversial laws are subject to a landmark debate. 
 
		 
Labour MP Rob Marris will introduce the Assisted Dying Bill after coming top of the Private Members' Bill ballot following the general election. 
  Labour MP Rob Marris will introduce the Assisted Dying Bill   
The legislation, which passed an initial vote in the House of Lords last year but failed to become law, is a first key question of conscience for the new House of Commons. MPs have a free vote on the issue, which will break across party lines. 

			 
Mr Marris said the current law was a "mess" and his Bill was about offering people "choice and dignity". 



 
In a blog post ahead of the debate, the Wolverhampton South West MP said: "With appropriate, strong safeguards, terminally ill adults of sound mind should be legally allowed to choose to have assistance to end their own lives. 

"I value life, and I do understand that some people believe very deeply that ending one's own life is always wrong. Nevertheless, the depth and sincerity of their belief should not mean that they deny choice to those of us who do not share their beliefs." 

Under the Bill's clauses, two doctors and a High Court judge would have to be satisfied of the requesting patient's eligibility - defined as being terminally ill with less than six months to live, mentally fit to make the decision and aware of alternatives - before the right to die would be allowed. 

The patient must administer the fatal medication themselves under the rules in the Bill. 

			 
Mr Marris added: "At present the law denies dying people the choice of a safe, legal assisted death, whilst turning a blind eye to home suicides, and to technically illegal actions by doctors, and to Dignitas deaths. 

"Last summer the Supreme Court issued Parliament with a final warning, to address the problems - in a democracy it is elected representatives who should make the laws. 

"As an MP, as a lawyer, and as an individual, I am convinced that we can and should allow better choice for dying people." 

The Bill is certain to be strongly opposed by MPs on both sides of the Commons, and spark noisy debate outside Parliament's walls. 

			 
Former GP and Tory MP Sarah Wollaston said she would not back the legislation because of fears "the wider harms outweigh the benefits". 

She said: "For all the Bill's supposed safeguards, once we cross the line to allow medically assisted dying we risk ending up in a very different place and with very different attitudes to the value of life. 

"Far better in my view for Parliament to focus on the urgent need to improve palliative care." 

Prime Minister David Cameron is to miss the free vote as he attends regional visits. 

A spokesman said: "The Prime Minister has made his views clear on this issue before. He is not convinced that further steps need to be taken and he is not in favour of an approach that would take us closer to euthanasia." 

			 
A Commons vote on the right to die has not been held since 1997. 

Mr Marris' Bill faces a tough road to the statute book though e nough MPs are expected to stay in Westminster for the debate to ensure a second reading vote takes place. 

At least 100 MPs will need to be present to vote for a closure motion to end the debate and force a division before 2.30pm. If a closure motion is not passed, opponents could try and talk the Bill past the deadline effectively dooming its chance of progress. 

If the Bill does win a second reading today, as backbench legislation it can only be considered on a small number of Friday sittings of the Commons but still needs to go through all the normal legislative stages. 

This offers opponents further chances to talk it out of time with many amendments and lengthy speeches at later stages. 

A similar Bill, introduced by Lord Falconer, was granted a second reading by the House of Lords following a marathon and impassioned debate last year. 

It was subject to two days of detailed committee stage debate but failed to make progress before the election. 


         Copyright (c) Press Association Ltd. 2015, All Rights Reserved.

Beet Elanchi
 Ingredients
250 g flour (Type 45)
75 g sugar
25 g melted butter
3 eggs
a pinch of salt
1/2 l milk
1 tsp vanilla essence
For Filling 1 cup freshly grated coconut / dessicated coconut
1 cup grated beetroot
2 cups sugar
3 tbsp water/ milk
Raisins & cashews
1/2 tsp cardomom powder
Oil/ ghee for frying.
Method
Mix first five ingredients (without any lumps) in a bowl .
Add milk & stir again. Keep aside for half an hour.
If the batter is thick, add some more milk. Heat a nonstick pan / griddle with little oil. Pour a spoon full of batter & spread it.(in a circular way)
Cook on both sides.
***
 Gently heat sugar & water to make a syrup.
Add coconut + grated beet & keep it on medium heat. When it becomes thick, remove from fire.
Add fried cashews & raisins. Garnish with cardomom powder & keep aside.
*** Stuff the pancakes with the coconut-beet mix & roll as in the photo.
Repeat the same with other pancakes.

A 31-year-old Moore Park Beach man has been charged with grievous bodily harm following an investigation into the death of a man at Bundaberg yesterday. 
 
Officers were called to a Sylvan Drive, Moore Park Beach address around 4.40pm where they located a 46-year-old Silkstone man unconscious and without a pulse. 
 
Police performed CPR before the man was transported to Bundaberg Base Hospital where he passed away yesterday evening. 
 
It will be alleged two men, aged 46 and 57, attended the residence and spoke with a 31-year-old man. 
 
It will be further alleged a dispute occurred, followed by a physical disturbance. 
 
The 31-year-old man is scheduled to appear in Bundaberg Magistrates Court tomorrow. 
Anyone with information which could assist with this matter should contact Crime Stoppers anonymously via 1800 333 000 or crimestoppers.com.au 24hrs a day. 
 
Crime Stoppers is a registered charity and community volunteer organisation working in partnership with the Queensland Police Service. 
 
For all non-urgent police reporting or general police inquiries contact Policelink on 131 444 or Policelink.qld.gov.au 24hrs a day.

As advancing technology changes the face of employment in the 21st century – is the human workforce being made obsolete? Martin Ford is the founder of a Silicon Valley software firm and the author of Rise of the Robots: Technology and the Threat of a Jobless Future. Geoff Colvin is senior editor at large at Fortune magazine and author of Humans Are Underrated: What High Achievers Know That Brilliant Machines Never Will. (cont..) Source: Will robots create more jobs than they destroy? | Technology | The Guardian

How many times have you gone through the process of interviewing and hiring someone only to find out the person you hired is not the person you interviewed. My guess – more times than you care to remember. How frustrating it is to interview a person, hire them and start training them only to realize basic tasks are not being done, they are not following directions, or they seem to have a mind of their own (and not in the good way). 
 
Here are three tips to improve your success with new hires. 
 
Interviewing Skills.  Review the questions you are asking and your listening.  We have a tendency to ask hypothetical questions “what would you do if….” These questions invite the candidate to give you the best answer not necessarily what they would do. Better to ask “what did you do when….” Focus on past experiences. The second part of this is listening to their answer. I know, I know, right now you are saying to your screen – “of course I’m listening to the answer”. I’m sure you do. My experience has shown me, people stop listening after they hear the answer they are looking for even though the candidate may still be talking. In your mind you have moved onto the next question. Listen to everything a person is telling you, the more they are talking the more they are revealing about themselves. 
 
References.  How often are you checking references? Many don’t because they only get dates of employment and position held. It’s true most companies won’t tell you more about a person. You can and should ask about the position responsibilities to compare what they told you versus what the company states. Most people are honest about this, you are trying to make sure you don’t find the few who exaggerate.  If there is something in particular you want to know about, ask. For example – in this position was Fred responsible for ensuring customers received their orders on time? You are not asking about how well they did the job and they will more likely give you an answer. 
 
Assessment.  These are pre-employment test you can give a candidate to determine their work style preferences. This is not a personality test and not all work related assessment can be used as a factor in determining employment. You need to be careful here. Some are good after a person starts working to help understand how to work in a team with them. An example of this would be DiSC or Meyers Briggs. There are a couple assessment that can be used to determine employability and match to a position. My personal favorite is the Achiever which gives a profile on various dimensions. 
 
Begin using all three of these to ensure the person you are about to hire is a good fit for your company and organization. 
 
Need assistance or more information on any or all of these factors, please reach out to me at info@focushr.biz. 
 
 

Robin Mesnage, Matthew Arno, Manuela Costanzo, Manuela Malatesta, Gilles-Eric Séralini and Michael N. Antoniou. "Transcriptome profile analysis reflects rat liver and kidney damage following chronic ultra-low dose Roundup exposure." Environmental Health 2015, 14:70. http://www.ehjournal.net/content/14/1/70. Glyphosate-based herbicides (GBH), such as Roundup, are the major pesticides used worldwide. GBH are currently applied on at least 24 % of the total global cropland (Benbrook C, personal communication), and also used extensively in domestic and urban environments. Residues of GBH are routinely detected in foodstuffs [1], [2] and also drinking water contaminated via rain, surface runoff and leaching into groundwater, thereby increasing possible routes of exposure [3]. Epidemiological data on the human body burden of GBH residues is very limited but evidence suggests that glyphosate and its metabolites are wide-spread [4].
Glyphosate’s primary perceived mode of herbicidal action is to inhibit 5-enolpyruvylshikimate-3-phosphate synthase (EPSPS) of the shikimate aromatic amino acid biosynthesis pathway present in plants and some bacteria. Since this pathway is absent in vertebrates, it is generally assumed that glyphosate poses minimal health risks to mammals, including humans [5]. However, converging evidence suggests that GBH residues pose a particular risk to kidney and liver function. Hepatic effects of glyphosate were first observed in the 1980s, including its ability to disrupt liver mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation [6]. As glyphosate can act as a protonophore increasing mitochondrial membrane permeability to protons and Ca 2+[7], it can trigger the production of reactive oxygen species resulting in observed oxidative stress [8]. Elevation in oxidative stress markers is detected in rat liver and kidney after subchronic exposure to GBH at the United States permitted glyphosate concentration of 700 μg/L in drinking water [9]. Hepatic histological changes and alterations of clinical biochemistry are detected in rats consuming 4.87 mg/kg body weight (bw) glyphosate every 2 days over 75 days [10].
Metabolic studies in a variety of laboratory and farm animals show levels of glyphosate and aminomethylphosphonic acid (AMPA, the principal breakdown product of glyphosate) in kidney and liver tissues that are 10- to 100-fold or even greater than the levels found in fat, muscle, and most other tissues [11]. In farm animals, elevated glyphosate urinary levels are correlated with alterations in blood serum parameters indicative of liver and kidney oxidative stress and depletion in nutrient trace element levels [12].
In addition to these cytotoxic effects, studies have suggested that GBH can disrupt several endocrine-signaling systems, including estrogen [13] and retinoic acid [14]. Endocrine disruptive effects may explain reproductive developmental impairment in rats exposed to sub-lethal doses of GBH [15]. Effects on retinoic acid signalling pathways have been proposed to account for the potential teratogenic effects of GBH in mammals [16] and amphibians [14].
Nevertheless, it should be noted that most results from these GBH toxicity studies were obtained at doses far greater than general human population exposure. Doses tested were typically over the glyphosate acceptable daily intake (ADI), which is currently set at 0.3 mg/kg bw/day within the European Union and 1.75 mg/kg bw/day in the USA based on hepatorenal toxicity measurements after chronic exposure in rats, although GBH toxicity was not investigated in life-long experiments.
In order to address this issue, a 2-year study was conducted where rats were administered via drinking water at a concentration of 0.1 ppb Roundup, thus containing not only glyphosate but also adjuvants [17]. The glyphosate equivalent concentration was 0.05 μg/L and corresponds to an admissible concentration within the European Union (0.1 μg/L) and USA (700 μg/L). The results showed that Roundup caused an increased incidence of anatomical signs of pathologies, as well as changes in urine and blood biochemical parameters suggestive of liver and kidney functional insufficiency in both sexes. In an effort to confirm these findings through a more quantitative molecular biological approach and obtain insight into the alterations in gene expression profiles associated with the observed increased signs of kidney and liver anatomorphological pathologies, we conducted a full transcriptomic analysis of these organs from the female cohort of animals. A large number of transcript clusters (>4000) were found to be altered in their level of expression in both the liver and kidneys of the Roundup treated group relative to controls and to a very high statistical significance. The alterations in gene expression profiles are typical of disturbances measured in cases of fibrosis, necrosis, phospholipidosis, mitochondrial membrane dysfunction and ischemia. Therefore our results confirm the ultra-low dose Roundup-induced increased incidence of hepatorenal pathologies suggested by observations at an anatomical, histological and biochemical level.

Seeds of Alzheimer's disease can potentially attach to surgical instruments and be transferred from one person to another during certain medical procedures, a study suggests. 
 
The findings provide the first evidence of dementia transmission in humans via microscopic protein fragments. 
 
Health officials and experts were quick to reassure the public after the highly controversial research was reported in the leading journal Nature. 
 
However the findings prompted speculation about the safety of some medical procedures, including dental treatments. Blood donations are not considered a meaningful risk, but should be investigated as a precaution, say the researchers. 
 
British scientists stumbled on the discovery while investigating a rare form of "iatrogenic" Creutzfeldt Jakob Disease (iCJD), a brain-destroying condition known to be spread by contaminated surgical instruments and procedures. 
 
They inspected the brains of eight patients who died from the disease after receiving pituitary growth hormone extracted from cadavers. 
 
Unexpectedly, six bore a clear molecular hallmark of Alzheimer's - sticky clumps of fragmented protein called amyloid beta that form among neurons and on the walls of blood vessels. In four cases, the amyloid deposits were widespread and only one patient was not affected at all. 
 
All eight individuals were relatively young, aged 36 to 51, and none had genetic variants associated with early-onset Alzheimer's disease. 
 
The evidence points to the hormone carrying "seeds" of the Alzheimer's protein into the patients' brains as well as CJD. 
 
Since the prion proteins responsible for iCJD can be transmitted in other ways - for instance, by neurosurgery - experts are not ruling out the possibility that the same is true for the Alzheimer's molecule. 
   Promoted stories   
Lead scientist Professor John Collinge,  director of the Medical Research Council Prion Unit at University College London, said there was increasing evidence that neurodegenerative diseases including Alzheimer's might, in rare circumstances, be "acquired". 
 
Speaking on a phone-link to the British Science Festival taking place at the University of Bradford, he said: " You could have three different ways you have these protein seeds generated in your brain. Either they happen spontaneously, an unlucky event as you age, or you have got a faulty gene, or you've been exposed to a medical accident. That's what we're hypothesising." 
 
He pointed out that , like CJD prions, amyloid beta protein fragments stick to metal surfaces and resist conventional sterilisation. 
 
Previous experiments on laboratory mice and monkeys had already shown that transmission of the Alzheimer's protein is theoretically possible. 
 
When liquified brain tissue from dead Alzheimer's patients was injected into the central nervous systems of the animals, they developed the brain changes associated with the disease. 
 
The scientists do not believe CJD prions somehow triggered the development of amyloid beta deposits in the brains of the growth hormone patients. B rains of 116 patients with prion diseases who had not received pituitary growth hormone did not have the Alzheimer's hallmark, and the two diseases affect different brain areas. 
 
Other research has shown th at amyloid beta can form in the pituitary gland, a pea-sized body at the base of the brain. 
 
None of the patients had developed Alzheimer's symptoms and their brains did not show another key change associated with the disease, twisted strands of protein within nerve cells called tau tangles. Whether or not they would have started to suffer symptoms had they lived longer remains an unanswered question. 
 
Questioned specifically about dentistry, Prof Collinge said: "The seeds will potentially stick to metal surfaces whatever the instrument is. With prions, we know quite a lot about that. Certainly, there are potential risks with dentistry where it's impacting on nervous tissue, for example root canal treatment, and special precautions are taken with reamers that are used in root canal treatment for that reason, in the UK at least. 
 
"If you are speculating that amyloid beta seeds might be transferred by instruments, one would have to consider whether certain types of dental procedure might be relevant." 
 
He stressed there was no epidemiological evidence at all to suggest that Alzheimer's could be transmitted via blood transfusions, but added: "I think it's not unreasonable to have a look. My concerns would be more to see if there is a risk of seeding from metal surfaces. I think that is something we ought to prioritise." 
 
Later he appeared to backtrack on dental treatments, issuing a statement saying the current data had "no bearing" on dental surgery and  "certainly do not argue that dentistry poses a risk of Alzheimer's disease". 
 
Prof Collinge said: "Our findings relate to the specific circumstance of cadaver-derived human growth hormone injections, a treatment that was discontinued many years ago. It is possible our findings might be relevant to some other medical or surgical procedures, but evaluating what risk, if any, there might be requires much further research." 
 
Meanwhile, he urged people not to be concerned about planned medical procedures, and to dismiss any notion of Alzheimer's being "contagious" in the same way as flu, for instance. 
 
"No way is this suggesting that Alzheimer's is a contagious disease," he said. "You can't catch it by living with someone who has Alzheimer's disease or being a carer. 
 
"I don't want to cause any alarm. No-one should consider cancelling or delaying any kind of surgery. But I think it would be prudent to do some research in this area going forward." 
 
The chief medical officer, Professor Dame Sally Davies, also stepped in to reassure the public, maintaining there was "no evidence" that Alzheimer's disease can be transmitted in humans through any medical procedure. 
 
She added: "This was a small study on only eight samples. We monitor research closely and there is a large research programme in place to help us understand and respond to the challenges of Alzheimer's. 
 
"I can reassure people that the NHS has extremely stringent procedures in place to minimise infection risk from surgical equipment, and patients are very well protected." 
 
Treatment of people of short stature with pituitary growth hormone taken from dead donors began in the UK in 1958. It was stopped in 1985 after confirmed reports of CJD among recipients. 
 
Because growth hormone from different cadavers was mixed up before being distributed, a treatment given to an individual patient may have originated from a large number of donors. This greatly increased the risk of disease transmission. 
 
In total, 1,848 men and women in the UK underwent the procedure for stunted growth, and of these 77 have so far died from CJD. 
 
As of 2012, 450 cases of iatrogenic CJD have been identified around the world linked to cadaver-derived growth hormone and to a lesser extent other medical procedures, including corneal transplants and neurosurgery. 
 
The fear is that Alzheimer's protein seeds could follow similar transmission pathways as CJD prions. 
 
Dr Eric Karran, chief scientist at the charity Alzheimer's Research UK, said: " The biggest risk factor for Alzheimer's is age, along with genetic and lifestyle factors. If further research was to confirm a link between historical tissue contamination and Alzheimer's, it would only likely be relevant to a tiny proportion of the total number of people affected." 
 
Dr Doug Brown, director of research at Alzheimer's Society, said: " Injections of growth hormone taken from human brains were stopped in the 1980s. There remains absolutely no evidence that Alzheimer's disease is contagious or can be transmitted from person to person via any current medical procedures." 
 
Professor Nigel Hunt, dean of the faculty of dental surgery at the Royal College of Surgeons, said:  "This study alone does not provide any conclusive proof that Alzheimer's disease can be transmitted from person to person. Dental practice carries no more risk than any invasive clinical procedure. This is new research in a field of relatively recent scientific enquiry that needs to be taken seriously with further research to inform any changes to all clinical and dental practice. 
 
"In dentistry, patients are protected from infection risks through the widespread use of single use instruments. All dental instruments that are reused are covered either by guidance from Nice (National Institute of Health and Care Excellence) or guidance about decontamination in primary care dental practices. The findings from today's study must be considered by all relevant organisations to ensure current guidance is as robust as it needs to be." 
 
The British Dental Association's scientific adviser, Professor Damien Walmsley, said:  "Dentists take patient safety very seriously and follow strict protocols to protect patients from the risk of infections, however slight that risk may be. 
   
 Share article  
   
"These protocols were strengthened in 2007 when a UK-wide restriction on the re-use of files that come into contact with nervous tissue during root canal treatments was put in place. 
 
"These measures make dentistry one of the safest areas of healthcare."

Australia's Davis Cup team for this month's semi-final showdown with Andy Murray's Brits is shrouded in mystery and uncertainty. 
 
Suspended from Australia's quarter-final win over Kazakhstan for savaging Tennis Australia bosses at Wimbledon, Bernard Tomic is refusing to publicly commit to a return at least until his US Open campaign is over. 
 
And Nick Kyrgios, who had a shocker against Kazakhstan and virtually ruled himself out of the reverse singles by destroying every racquet he had in Darwin, was also giving little away following his four-set first-round loss to Murray in New York. 
 
"I haven't thought about Davis Cup yet," Kyrgios said. 
 
"Rusty (Lleyton Hewitt), Bernard are still in the tournament. All their focus is on the US Open. We really haven't been talking about it too much." 
 
In a promising sign, Kyrgios spent last week preparing for the US Open at Hewitt's Bahamas base and noted: "We've got a really good relationship now, which is going to be unbelievable for Davis Cup. I have really good trust in him." 
 
Asked by a British journalist what he made of Australia's prospects for the indoor hardcourt tie in Glasgow from September 18-20, Kyrgios said: "Pretty good. Pretty good. Yep, really good." 
 
Tomic, who plays Davis Cup stalwart Lleyton Hewitt in the second round at Flushing Meadows on Thursday, said his camp had spoken with TA and Cup captain Wally Masur and "we are on the good side". 
 
"Am I playing or not playing? I am not sure of the situation now but after the US Open, when I am out, I am happy to talk about that," said the Australian No.1. 
 
The only certainty, if Tomic and Kyrgios are available, is that Masur will have a selection headache. 
 
Hewitt, who only played on in 2015 to have one last crack at Davis Cup glory, is a lock, while Sam Groth seems so too following his singles and doubles heroics in Darwin. 
 
From 2-0 down against the Kazakhs after first-day singles losses for Kyrgios and Thanasi Kokkinakis, Hewitt and Groth teamed to win the doubles before piloting Australia to its first Davis Cup victory from such a deficit since 1939. 
 
Presumably in preparation for the semi-final, Hewitt is partnering Groth at a grand slam for the first time in New York. 
 
"Sam is growing as a player. He's made massive inroads from the Czech Republic when he played his first live match to Darwin," Hewitt said. 
 
"I think it's really helped him as a player week in and week out. Just that belief, you know, getting over those nerves of going out there and not just playing for yourself. 
 
"He was great, fantastic." 
 
All things being equal, with Kyrgios being in the right head space and Tomic available, they'd join Hewitt and Groth. 
 
But that would mean Kokkinakis, a favourite of TA and Hewitt, would miss the four-man team and the 19-year-old was already preparing for his trip to Glasgow after his gallant first-round loss to Wimbledon semi-finalist Richard Gasquet on Tuesday. 
 
If not for cramps that forced his retirement at two sets all, Kokkinakis might have knocked out the 12th seed. 
 
But with Murray boasting an ominous 15-0 career head-to-head record over Australian opponents, Kyrgios appears the only player capable of challenging the Scot - when he's on. 
 
Masur has until Tuesday to settle on a line-up and a tennis Nostradamus might say he will go with Hewitt, Groth, Kyrgios and Tomic with Kokkinakis as a rather handy hitting partner.

THE incredible success story of Upton in Bloom goes on as it has achieved top status once again. 
 
At this year's RHS Heart of England in Bloom Awards Ceremony, it took home a Gold award and won the Large Village Category. 
 
Jackie Surtees, chairman of Upton in Bloom, said: "An excellent result and so rewarding after all our hard work. 
 
"Thank you to our volunteers, sponsors, fundraisers, local authorities and everybody else who has helped us over the last year. 
 
"Next year will be even harder, but we hope you will still be there for us." 
 
Upton in Bloom has also been nominated for the RHS Britain in Bloom campaign next year. 
 
Upton has achieved golds for 11 years in a row. 
 
Although this year's stunning Upton entry had no particular theme, Mrs Surtees had wanted to make it as colourful as possible. 
 
The old churchyard was lit up with flags, stalls, and floral displays, and the blues 
   
 Share article  
   
and jazz festivals were represented with stalls. 
 
Children of Upton Primary School also performed songs they had written themselves on the day too.

PITTSBURGH, Pa., Sept. 24, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- via PRWEB - The University of Pittsburgh Health Policy Institute today launched the Stern Center for Evidence-Based Policy and released its first report, "Addressing the Health Needs of an Aging America." 

To improve the quality and sustainability of the health system, the new center will co-fund collaborative research with other foundations interested in increasing the use of research evidence in shaping U.S. health policy. The center is funded in part through a $3 million gift from the Stern Family Foundation. 

"U.S. health policy does not always, but should, reflect the best research evidence available. We are pleased to provide the seed funding to build a center at the University of Pittsburgh focused on using scientific methods to better inform the public policymaking process," said Lawrence Stern, M.S., retired health care executive and foundation president. 
 
The Stern Center for Evidence-Based Policy brings together researchers from across the Pitt Schools of the Health Sciences and partner institutions to lead rigorous scientific research initiatives that generate actionable health policy recommendations backed by evidence. 

"The complexity and sheer volume of health research makes it extremely difficult for policymakers to give research findings full consideration. We will use proven methodology to help health policymakers and stakeholder organizations make sense of the available research and model the economic and health outcomes of proposed policies," said Pitt Health Policy Institute director Everette James, J.D., M.B.A., the M. Allen Pond Professor of Health Policy and Management at Pitt's Graduate School of Public Health. 
 
The report systematically maps research findings to policy proposals intended to improve the health of the elderly. The study identified promising evidence-based policies, like those supporting prevention and care coordination, as well as areas where the research evidence is strong but policy activity is low, such as patient self-management and palliative care. 

Future work of the Stern Center will focus on these topics as well as long-term care financing, the health care workforce, and the role of family caregivers. 
 
"This report provides an objective analysis of policies that are supported by research evidence as well as those that need additional research," said report co-author Sally C. Morton, Ph.D., chair of Pitt Public Health's Department of Biostatistics. "Our work will allow policymakers at all levels of government to connect a broad base of research evidence with stakeholder demand." 

The Pitt Health Policy Institute has been committed to producing quality, evidence-based research and programming for government, business and the foundation community since 1980. Additional information about the Stern Center for Evidence-Based Policy can be found at http://www.healthpolicyinstitute.pitt.edu/evidence-based-policy . 

This article was originally distributed on PRWeb.  For the original version including any supplementary images or video, visit http://www.prweb.com/releases/2015/09/prweb12979936.htm 
CONTACT: UPMC
         Allison Hydzik
         HydzikAM@upmc.edu
         +1 412-647-9975

Nike’s Sneakerboot game has grown stronger and stronger by the year, but for those of you who are separatists, as in you like your sneakers to stay sneakers and boots to just stay boots, you should try the  Nike Zoom Kynsi JCRD  this winter. Nike takes a number of advancements created throughout the years and places it on a bolstered winterized and weather proof boot, as a full length Zoom cushioning system sees a Jacquard knit coincide with premium black leather and Tape support. The lifestyle quality is accented with a unique embossed Swoosh on the forefoot while the heel sees 3M reflective branding for a unique twist. The high-arching ankle support complete with a zipper ensures that your feet will stay dry throughout the coldest and slushiest of months ahead. Check out more photos below and stay tuned for a stateside release later this fall. 
 


Read the rest of Nike Boots Are Back With The Kynsi Jacquard 
 

Read the rest of Nike Boots Are Back With The Kynsi Jacquard  
© Sneaker News , 2015. | Permalink | No comment |
Add to del.icio.us  

The post Nike Boots Are Back With The Kynsi Jacquard appeared first on Sneaker News .

Mobile Commerce Daily today - Chase Freedom app provides redemption freedom at Target, Starbucks; Shoppers visit fewer stores as technology becomes ubiquitous: MasterCard.

We get inside the industry’s biggest minds with our gruelling set of quick-fire questions. I.C.O.N’s National Master Trainer Louise Jenkins opens up. 
   The last #hashtag you used    
#healthyhair #iconproductuk 
     We're buying. What are you drinking?    
Hendricks & Tonic with a slice of cucumber. 
   Dream celebrity client?    
Rita Ora – I’d love to experiment with her colour. 
   Can't miss TV Show?    
The Millionaire Matchmaker,  I love Patty! 
   Hidden talent?    
Not sure I have one. Why keep a talent hidden?! 
   Guilty pleasure?    
Probably my can’t miss TV show! 
   If there was one decade you could travel back to, what would it be?    
The ’90s. Who wouldn’t relive growing up with the Spice Girls, platform shoes and big hair?! 
   Favourite city?    
So far it would be Barcelona but I have a never-ending list of places to see. 
   Hairdressing tool/product of choice?    
Our I.C.O.N Cure Replenishing Spray. I can’t live without it and 10% of the profits go to a great cause (Cancer Research UK). 
   Who would play you in a movie of your life?    
Jennifer Lawrence – I love everything about her and what she stands for! 
   Biggest achievement?    
Being a part of the I.C.O.N UK launch!

This decadent vegan cake is inspired by Middle Eastern flavours and is perfect for afternoon…  
This decadent vegan cake is inspired by Middle Eastern flavours and is perfect for afternoon tea 

METHOD 

Heat the oven to 160°C (315°F/Gas 2–3). Oil a 20 cm (8 inch) cake tin and line the base with baking paper. 

Beat the oil and sugar together until well combined. Add the yoghurt, orange blossom water, vanilla and orange zest and beat until incorporated. Set aside. 

In a separate bowl, whisk together the ground pistachio nuts, the flours, baking powder, ground cardamom and salt. Gradually add the yoghurt mixture to the flour mixture, alternating with the milk and stirring between each addition until smooth. Be careful not to overbeat. 

Pour into the prepared tin and bake for about 55 minutes, or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. If the top starts to brown too much before the cake is cooked, loosely cover with foil. Let the cake stand in the tin for 5 minutes, t…

) - Castle & Cooke Mortgage LLC® , one of the nation’s leading independent mortgage lenders with 41 locations across the United States, announces its new branch in Albuquerque, marking the company’s expansion into the New Mexico market. The Albuquerque branch offers a full range of mortgage products, plus the speedy loan fundings and exceptional service that have become Castle & Cooke Mortgage’s trademark. 

Iris Guzman (NMLS# 286700), a respected 23-year mortgage expert, will manage the new office located at 6100 Indian School NE, Suite 125 in Albuquerque. She brings her expert knowledge of first-time home buyers, refinances and purchase loans, as well as investor, construction and rehabilitation and government programs to Castle & Cooke Mortgage. Additionally, she is a lender affiliate of Homes for Heroes , the nation’s largest savings program for military, first responder and public service veterans. 
   
“With its diverse population, Albuquerque is a perfect location for Castle & Cooke Mortgage’s New Mexico branch,” she said. “Our broad array of loan programs combined with our renowned express loan funding will serve a multitude of buyers, including first-time home buyers, investors, veterans and repeat buyers,” Guzman added. 

“New Mexico home buyers and homeowners can benefit from Castle & Cooke Mortgage’s wide variety of loan products, flexibility and reliability,” added Adam Thorpe, president and chief operating officer. “As a Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac seller and servicer and a Ginnie Mae issuer, we have an impressive selection of conventional and government programs designed to meet the individual needs of our clients. And with Iris Guzman leading the branch efforts, borrowers will have exceptional experiences, as will our builder and real estate agent partners,” he said. 

Founded in 2005 and part of the historic Castle & Cooke family of companies that commenced business in 1851, Castle & Cooke Mortgage has become one of the premiere residential real estate lenders. The company is dedicated to providing exceptional customer service, strategic growth and the acquisition, development and long-term success of elite mortgage professionals in each market they serve. 

Take the first step toward owning your dream home. Get pre-qualified for a loan today . 

Is Castle & Cooke Mortgage the right fit for you? Find out about our career opportunities . 

About Castle & Cooke Mortgage 

Castle & Cooke Mortgage (NMLS# 1251), one of the nation’s leading independent mortgage lenders with 41 locations across the United States and more than 250 employees, is founded on three core values -- integrity, honesty and transparency. Headquartered in Salt Lake City, the company is renowned for its quick loan funding and its broad array of loan programs to meet borrowers’ needs. According to Mortgage Executive Magazine , the 10-year-old company is already among the top 100 mortgage lenders in the nation. Backed by the financial strength of its more than 160-year-old parent company Castle & Cooke, Castle & Cooke Mortgage can be found online at www.castlecookemortgage.com and followed on Twitter at @CastleandCooke and on Facebook at Facebook.com/Castle.Cooke.Mortgage . Castle & Cooke Mortgage is an Equal Housing Lender. 

Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2015/9/28/11G060859/Images/IrisGuzman-987485810496.jpg 

Press Contact 
Erica Kelley 
Director, Marketing 
pr@castlecookemortgage.com

WRENTHAM — Julia Curtin planned to run the Wrentham Developmental Center course just once before the upcoming state cross country championship in November, so she made that one time memorable. 

At yesterday’s Frank Kelley Invitational, the Beverly sophomore took advantage of picture-perfect conditions to shake Newton South’s Clare Martin shortly after a fast 5:20 opening mile in the Div. 1 varisty race. 

With no one left to challenge her, Curtin cruised to a stellar win in 17 minutes, 43.55 seconds on the rolling 3.1-mile layout. 

“I wanted to go out and get a good time,” Curtin said. “I felt really comfortable after that first mile, and I started to pick it up.” 

Newton South’s Rebecca Grusby ran well to take second in 18:26.77, and Eve Driver of Wellesley was third in 19:10.64. Abby Fisher (fourth, 19:29.17) led Billerica to the team title with 87 points. 

In the Div. 1 boys race, Peabody’s Marcelo Rocha and Tom D’Anieri of Wellesley ran together early until Rocha surged and was clear by the mile. He continued picking up the pace and stayed just ahead of D’Anieri for a fast 15:36.07 win. D’Anieri never faltered and finished five seconds back in 15:41.18. Cambridge placed five runners in the top 20 for the 41-point win. 

Rocha, one of the preseason favorites to capture the Div. 1 state title, tried to feel out the tough field. 

“I was trying to go out and see where I am compared to last year,” he said. “It felt good. I still have a lot more work to do. Hopefully, if I’m injury-free, I’ll keep improving.” 

In Div. 2 boys, Newburyport’s Jack Carleo ran alongside teammate Joseph Mulvar and Norton’s Chris Wren through a controlled 5:05 first mile before surging ahead halfway through to take the lead for good. The junior was well clear of the field at 2 miles (10:14) and simply cruised the final mile for the win. Carleo was more than seven seconds in front of Molvar (16:29.20) at the finish. Wren finished a solid third with his 16:38.52. 

“I made a move at the beginning of the second loop,” Carleo said. “I looked back a couple of times to see if there was anybody coming.” 

Michael Weidenbruch finished seventh in 16:50.13 to lead Marblehead to the team title with 68 points, well ahead of Wakefield’s 100 points and Newburyport’s 117. 

Sophomore Stephanie Casaletto of Austin Prep dueled with Ipswich standout Emily DeMarco at the halfway point before switching gears to break away to a 19:04.18 win in the Div. 2 girls event. Teammate Sarah Oliver clocked 19:12.29 for second and DeMarco claimed the bronze medal with her 19:24.18. 

Casaletto took DeMarco’s move very seriously. 

“Emily DeMarco is such a good runner, and she passed me,” she said. ‘I don’t know. I just had a little bit more and went for it.” 

Old Rochester was the team champion with 71 points, beating Westwood (107) and Newburyport (115).

In light of the women’s slichot (repentence liturgy) event near Hevron’s Me’arat Hamachpela (Cave of the Patriarchs) later on Sunday, private cars will not be allowed in the area as of 5:30 p.m. except for vehicles belonging to residents and those working at the event. 

Alternate parking will be provided. Free public buses will also be available.

(NEW YORK) — The red planet has space fans red hot with anticipation. NASA said it will announce Monday that a Mars mystery has been “solved,” but did not say what the mystery was, only…
The post ‘Mars Mystery Solved': NASA to Announce ‘Major’ News appeared first on…  
(NEW YORK) — The red planet has space fans red hot with anticipation. 

NASA said it will announce Monday that a Mars mystery has been “solved,” but did not say what the mystery was, only that it “detail a major science finding. 

” 

“I suspect it’s going to be something that will increase our interest in going to Mars,” former astronaut Mike Massimino said. 

Speculation on social media about what the announcement might be included aliens and water on the planet. Massimino said that if the announcement is that there is water, that could have great significance. 

“That there is some sort of life form that might be discovered, and it’s also the…

A state audit found the Missouri Department of Revenue is holding at least $20 million in cash bonds from closed businesses. Credit selbstfotografiert / Wikimedia Common Missouri retail businesses can pay the Department of Revenue for a sales tax license through a cash bond. But Missouri law requires the department to return the bonds back to businesses following two years of tax compliance. State auditor Nicole Galloway said the department will only return bonds when businesses request a refund. “But they do not actively seek out these businesses that are in compliance to get their money back to them,” Galloway said. “And I find that I have an issue with that.” She said some of the bonds date all the way back to 1980. “The Department of Revenue has an obligation to actively seek out businesses to refund the money that they are owed,” Galloway said. “And every dollar the department does not refund back to business owners is dollars that can be reinvested back into the community or back into that business.” Galloway also said $20 million is a low estimate because it only includes bonds held from closed businesses. She said the department has not provided estimates for the number of cash bonds held from open businesses. The spokeswoman from the Department of Revenue was unavailable for an interview to comment.

Katee Lane and the Lady Lynx cheer team added four more girls to their routine, and the extra bodies on the floor resulted in a second place finish at the Brookings Invite on Saturday. 

The extra help was brought in to create a more visual presence to the cheer and partner stunts, Lane said. 

“I was very proud of the way the girls handed their nerves and excitement during the routine,” Lane said. “There are a few more adjustments we will need to make before our BV Invite and then we are ready for ESD, Metro, and state.” 

Brandon Valley’s dance team placed third behind champion Sioux Falls Washington and runner-up Sioux Falls Lincoln. The Lady Lynx took second in jazz, third in kick and placed sixth in the pom division. 

BV head coach Tracy Kuhn said she saw huge improvement in her team’s jazz performance, 

“Our jazz routine was a huge improvement for their second time and will continue to be competitive, and it’s going to be our strongest routine this season if we can correct some timing and technical issues,” she said. 

Kuhn said there is still some work to be done in their pom and kick routines. 

“We are not getting the results we should from the judges in our pom routine. It is packed with difficulty and scoring is not reflecting this, therefore we will be working on some changes to clean it up,” she said. “And our kick routine, although very unique and full of sass, is not a judge’s favorite, so we will be making some overall improvements to this routine and will be excited for a strong showing at our home invite.” 

After competing Tuesday at the Huron Invitational, both cheer and dance programs will prepare for the upcoming BV Invite, which starts at 5:30 p.m. on Tuesday, Oct. 6. 

Brookings Invite 

Dance results 

Hip Hop: SF Washington 273.5; SF Lincoln 267.5; Huron 257; SF Roosevelt 252.5; O’Gorman 224.5; Pierre 214; Mitchell 207.5; Platte-Geddes 198.5. 

Jazz: SFW 264; Brandon Valley 258.5; Dakota Valley 235; SFR 230; Yankton 225.5; Watertown 205; Huron 203; Mitchell 180; Brookings 177; Aberdeen Central 176; Pierre 170.5. 

Kick: SF Lincoln 283; Yankton 283; Brandon Valley 275.5; Dakota Valley 268.5; Watertown 267; Brookings 257.5; Pierre 240.5; O’Gorman 237.5; Aberdeen Central 202.5; Platte-Geddes 201.5. 

Pom: SFW 290; Dakota Valley 287; Yankton 272.5; SFL 270.5; SFR 265; Brandon Valley 262; Brookings 259; Watertown258; O’Gorman 246.5; Huron 243.5; Aberdeen Central 228.5; Platte-Geddes 227; Mitchell 210. 

Grand champion: SFW 275.88; SFL 273.67; Brandon Valley 265.33; Dakota Valley 263.50; Yankton 260.33; SFR 249.17; Watertown 243.33; O’Gorman 236.17; Huron 234.50; Brookings 231.17; Platte-Geddes 209; Pierre 208.33; Aberdeen Central 202.33; Mitchell 199.17. 

Cheer results 

Grand champion: SF Roosevelt 269.50; Brandon Valley 238; O’Gorman 232; Watertown 231.50; SF Washington 229.50; Brookings 228.50; Huron 216; SF Lincoln 208.50; Aberdeen Central 203; Sioux Valley 199; Dell Rapids 194.50; Dakota Valley 194; Yankton 194; Platte-Geddes 188.50; Pierre 177; Wagner 175.50; Dell Rapids St. Mary’s 154; Mitchell 141.50. 

Read or Share this story: http://argusne.ws/1Fcn5r7

MIL OSI – Source: Africa Press Organization – Press Release/Statement 

Headline: Posted by: APO | 21 September  2015 
   
Over the past decade, Ethiopia has experienced solid economic growth—GDP growth has averaged 10% a year and foreign direct investment reached almost US$1bn in 2013/2014—but what more needs to be done for the country to achieve its full potential? Is Ethiopia on course to achieve its ambitious goals with its second Growth and Transformation Plan? • What are Ethiopia’s future growth prospects?… Read more on http://africa-newsroom.com/press/driving-continued-growth-the-ethiopia-summit-2015?lang=en 
   Like this:  
Like  Loading… 
  Related    
– – 


© Multimedia Investments Ltd Terms of Use/Disclaimer.

With over one trillion dollars spent annually on sales forces it is crucial to make sure your sales force is as productive as possible to drive business success. While it might seem that sales is all about building relationships between people – a seller and a buyer – the truth is there are three pillars sales success is based on: people, processes and technology. Indeed, your profitability considerably depends on the sales process. The recent study shows that firms using sales processes to guide sales activity report 30% greater profit than those that do not. Let’s take a closer look at some ways to drive smarter sales processes: 
 
Properly define sales process and what it means for your organization 
 
Our experience shows that most of the companies today have a sales process in place. Nevertheless, there is still a huge gap between having one and acting upon it. Moreover, not that many companies use their own sales process as an internal sales methodology, and even less monitor and measure it on the regular basis. 
 
Re-defining what sales process really means for the organization helps companies to evaluate and ensure success of the operations. In order for the sales process to become a vehicle that drives sales teams to their goals, it has to become an internal sales blueprint that contains a set of well-thought actions from lead qualification to deal closure, which are fully integrated into company’s ecosystem and shape sales behavior. 
 
When implemented correctly, the sales process is accepted by sales reps and managers as the tool that helps improving their productivity and performance. Once defined goes a commitment to act on the efficient, scalable sales process which entails much more than following steps and sequences, and includes a complete transformation to a customer-centric, value-based sales mode. 
 
Automate your sales processes 
 
After the process is duly defined with all stages optimized, it is important to automate processes so the sales reps don’t have to lose any time on implementing or controlling anything saving their energy for more productive activities. 
 
At the same time, it is critical to select an automation tool that will not freeze the processes forever with no opportunity to adjust them when necessary. Success in the highly competitive business environment requires companies to have the agility to constantly test different approaches and processes to see what works best. The automation tool to support the pace of the business growth should enable you to: 
  Customize and automate cumbersome, manual processes on the fly.  Adjust sales process without complex time-consuming configuration by tech specialists.  Continually test, modify, and improve processes.  Customize the logics of your business software to the unique organizational requirements.   
Bpm’online is a good example of a process-driven CRM that allow to answer rapidly changing business environment allocating competitive advantage. 
 

 
Regularly assess processes to eliminate bottlenecks and boost result 
 
When the well-define sales process is in place and is automated it is very important to thoroughly track the performance and assess sales process effectiveness. Successful sales organizations constantly test different approaches to see what works best. 
 
The ultimate goal now is to enhance the sales process by exposing bottlenecks and inefficiencies that delay revenues. At the same time, you can replicate the processes of your top-performing salespeople, applying them universally across your company. 
 
A few rules of thumbs to ensure the proper alignment and implementation of the sales process: 
  Introduce sales performance metrics and KPIs to check sales process efficiency.  Permanently examine existing processes to identify bottlenecks and inefficiencies.  Continually test different approaches, optimize and introduce new processes, applying them universally across your company.  Team-up with other departments and enhance internal communications, clarifying the roles and processes for sales staff to follow.   
From the real-life examples of thousands of our customers we see that introducing a process-centric model of sales pays off as it helps to standardize and spread best practices across entire organization. With a number of new and emerging business models and specific industry requirements, it is vitally important to have the ability to timely monitor processes and optimize them in order to achieve the desired outcomes. By following a comprehensive end-to-end process, sales people make sure they are prepared to execute their sales approach effectively, and drive high revenue for the business. Once you get your processes right, the sales team and the entire company will win. 
 
To study the subject deeper, you might consider our eBook: “The complete guide on how to optimize your end-to-end sales process to maximize value and drive successful sales behavior”. 
 
Download the eBook now>>

I have shocked shopkeepers, family and friends by openly declaring I would not abort if my baby was diagnosed with Down’s. I’m shocked by their shock I am four months pregnant and, while I don’t feel remotely maternal yet, this will be a precious and much loved child. I have reached the point at which it will soon be possible to know the gender and so, wherever I go, people ask: “Will you find out if it’s a girl or a boy?”

Last week a friendly young sales assistant asked me just that as I trawled clothing racks looking for elastic waisted pants. I said “no” and added that I had not had the test for Down’s syndrome either because if I had found that my child was at risk, I would not have wanted to abort. “That’s the real question,” I said, “the one that people really should ask about.”

The poor sweet girl gaped at me lost for words and I stood in silence too, gripped by the uneasy feeling that comes when you make a social faux pas. My friends and family were shocked that I had made this remark – it turns out that everybody knows about the Down’s syndrome test but it’s something that we collectively, pointedly and deliberately ignore. 

As someone who has spent part of my working life in close intersection with people with disabilities and their families, this has come as a genuine shock.

The nuchal translucency scan, as it is called, must be undertaken by 13 or 14 weeks. It is a non-invasive screening test which ascertains the likelihood that a foetus will turn out to have Down’s syndrome. For those deemed likely, the next test in the normal course of events is Chorionic Villus sampling (CVS) or amniocentisis, both of which are conducted by placing a needle into the uterus and both of which can diagnose Down’s syndrome for sure. 

Both levels of testing are conducted routinely in the private and public health systems. This testing path, however, brings both questions and risks.

First, amniocentisis testing carries a 0.5%–1% risk of miscarriage, meaning that some non-Down’s syndrome foetuses are inevitably miscarried as a result of the test itself.

Second, it is standard practice in Australia that pregnancies are aborted upon finding that women are likely to be carrying a baby with Down’s syndrome, one study estimates the figure to be 95%. 

There are approximately 13,000 people with Down’s syndrome living in Australia today with their life expectancy at birth now reaching 60-plus years. Some of those people continue to live at home and be supported by their families well into adulthood, others move onto disability packages at a significant cost to the public purse. 

Beyond the purely economic measures though, there is a bigger and far more important question here – what value does each individual bring to the life of the world? 

There is no doubt that people with Down’s syndrome, like those with other disabilities, can have lives that are incredibly hard. The disability field is wracked with the dilemma of how to manage the young people exhibiting what are euphemistically called “challenging behaviours” – violence and aggression brought about by the frustration of their physical limitations and of their inability to communicate. Beyond that, there is a frightening and hard to manage vulnerability to abuse. 

But on the other side, there’s the inescapable fact that people with disabilities bring great love and joy. There is a challenge to our mainstream values to be found among those who are dancing to an entirely different tune.

In her memoir about surviving shocking abuse, the American author Yvonne Pierre writes that her children taught her the meaning of unconditional love and that her son with Down’s syndrome is always showing her “that life is so much bigger than self”.

It was always my observation as I worked with special schools that for families the experience of having a child with a disability was completely make or break. Many people undoubtedly broke under the strain – there is good reason why children with disabilities form a high proportion of those in foster care – but for many others the experience made them who they were. Ordinary people became advocates, they developed a profound sense of what was important. They exuded a compassion I rarely saw elsewhere. 

For that reason, disability issues have had a profound impact on me – the work is depressing (there is never enough money) but it is also very deep, and inspiring too.

Recently a version of this debate broke out in the US. A bill was presented to the Ohio state legislature proposing to restrict abortion in response to a diagnosis of Down’s syndrome. The primary motivation though was not the place of people with a disability. Its sponsors were people involved in the Right to Life movement.

I understand that continuing with a pregnancy of a likely disabled child is as difficult a decision as most people will ever make. I do not believe it should be regulated – I am decidedly pro choice – but that it happens without discussion is shocking to me. I chose to adopt two babies with Down’s syndrome as a single mother So, I am 18 weeks down the line and have missed the moment for the test. I hope very deeply that the child I carry will not have Down’s syndrome, although because I’m over 40, there is a reasonably significant chance that it will. 

I hope if that does happen that I will have the capacity to live in accordance with the values I profess – that I will advocate and be compassionate; that I will live in the love that my special child brings to this world.

There is no guarantee that that will actually take place. I may mourn the life I would otherwise have lived and feel the same way for my somewhat helpless child.

I do know, though, that whatever is the outcome for us, I’m uncomfortable to find I live in a society that blithely, secretly and routinely makes a different choice. I would like to imagine a society with better values than this – a community in which we do more than count the cost, be it a cost in dollar terms or in life expectations.

Every one of us brings something unique to the world – surely we can see the value of difference as well as of conformity and we can extend our love and care to people with disabilities, both those among us now and those who hold at this stage just the potential for life.

Instagram 
 
This mother and daughter duo, Kayla and Georgina, are the ultimate BFF’s, to the point that they even want to look EXACTLY alike. 
 
Technically, not look like each other but more like their idol and British model “Kate Price.” 
 
“She’s perfect, she has the whole package, there’s just something about her,” Georgina, 38, said. 
 
This pair has invested more than $63,000 dollars on plastic surgery to achieve their dream of looking just like the celebrity. All the money has gone to enhance various parts of their body including getting breast implants, lip fillers, hair extensions, collagen injections, nail treatments, tooth whitening, Botox, permanent make-up and their tan! 
 
Kayla, the 20-year-old daughter, had began stripping at the age of 17 years old and a few months into stripping found herself a sugar daddy who would provide her with enough money to be able to get her and her mother Plastic Surgery. 
 
“I don’t mind Kayla having a sugar daddy or stripping to pay for plastic surgery because we’re living a dream!” Georgina, her mother, said. 
 
“We look how we want to look and we’re happy,” Kayla reiterated. 
 
It doesn’t end here. The duo plans to continue with the plastic surgeries and plan on getting a second butt transplant, nose job and breast augmentation. 
 
“Were not as close to looking to Kate Price as we’d like,” Kayla said. 
 
Get your own look at the ‘Kate price look-a-likes’ in the video below: 
 
[embedded content] 
 
Visit our sponsors 

Venue refleja de manera única el sofisticado estilo de vida de los latinos de hoy. | Venue reflects in a unique way the sophisticated lifestyle of today's Latinos. ( más/more )

sneak up on a daylily.  fortunately this is not a wild daylily so some dangers can be dispensed with.  perhaps.  this round nothing went awry.  you don't simply walk straight up to it particularly if you want to get a good image.  it will flinch and ruin the image.



see it simply ruins the image.  what was i thinking ? ! ?  however if you try a different approach.  and remember to whisper 'be vewy vewy quiet, i am stalking daylilies'.  sometimes you might get a better image.

New Answer - Pink Roses can you  contact me for more information if you want to solve your problem?+27722099385/ whats app+27733947689 or email: sisteryvettespellcaster@gmail.com

Big Brother has sprung the old “fake eviction” twist on contestants and viewers too many times over the last decade or so. 
 
You know the drill by now – a housemate or two is booted out of the main house into a secret place where they spy on their hopefully unsuspecting former room-mates. 
 Celebrity Big Brother presenters Rylan Clark and Emma Willis (Ian West/PA) 
This twist has become more predictable than a sob story in X Factor, so tonight on Channel 5, for the first time ever, the rest of the housemates will be in on the joke. They will know from the start that it’s all fake. 
 
To celebrate this deliciously devious turn, we look back at some of our favourite fake evictions from both the celeb and non-celeb versions of the show. 
 
1. Michelle Bass and Emma Greenwood. 
 Emma Greenwood (left) and Michelle Bass (Yui Mok/PA) 
The first-ever fake eviction came during Big Brother 5 when Michelle and Emma were voted into a bedsit. 
 
They spied on the house and played pranks on their fellow housemates, including turning off the hot water every time Victor Ebuwa took a shower. 
 
However, Emma heard Victor slating her and when she confronted him about it, a huge fight kicked off. 
   Promoted stories   
Security guards intervened, the police were called and producers took the show off-air. Emma was moved back to the bedsit and then promptly evicted for real. 
 
2. Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt. 
 Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt  (Ian West/PA) 
Speidi, as these spouses are collectively known, quickly established themselves as public enemy number one during Celebrity Big Brother 11 thanks to refusals to take part in certain tasks, diva-like threats to call their lawyers and numerous heated confrontations with fellow housemates, especially eventual winner Rylan Clark (at that time, best known for The X Factor). 
 
When the Americans were given a secret mission to stage a fake walk-out, the other housemates easily believed they’d finally quit the show. 
 
However, Speidi lived in luxury in Big Brother’s pimped-out basement, listening to every bad word said about them by the other stars. Their eventual return to the main house was TV gold. 
 
3. Charley Uchea. 
 Charley Uchea (Joel Ryan/PA) 
Self-styled, argumentative south London “it-girl” Charley was fake evicted during Big Brother 8 as part of the show’s Fake Week theme. 
 
The best part of the Londoner’s bogus departure came when she emerged from the house to silence: “What’s going on guys? Where’s the cheers, man?” she asked. 
 
Charley’s “eviction interview” by then-presenter Davina McCall was watched by her stunned housemates before she went back into the house. 
 
4. Marc O’Neill. 
 Marc O’Neill (Channel 5/PA) 
As far as his fellow housemates were concerned, Big Brother 16′s Marc was loud, opinionated and annoying. In other words, he was the perfect fake eviction choice. 
 
Marc joined legendary Big Brother housemates Nikki Grahame, Helen Wood and Brian Bello in the “bunker”, where they all secretly spied on the shenanigans and exerted sole control over nominations. 
 
After listening in on private conversations, Harry Amelia Martin was chosen to face the public vote. 
 
5. Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace. 
 Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace (Yui Mok/PA) 
The most memorable moment of Aisleyne’s fake eviction? She cried enough tears to fill the Thames. This Big Brother 7 star was secretly moved to the House Next Door, with the remaining housemates believing she’d been evicted. 
 
Aisleyne was joined by five new housemates and, as part of a task, chose four to join her in the main house. However, the then-glamour model collapsed in tears after facing a final choice of evicting either Jonathan Leonard or Spiral Coroner. 
 
Aisleyne saved Spiral, and if you listen closely, you will still hear her crying over her decision to evict Jonathan. 
 
6. Casey Batchelor and Lee Ryan. 
 Casey Batchelor and Lee Ryan (Ian West/PA) 
During Celebrity Big Brother 13, the overplayed fake eviction became mesmerising viewing for the first time in ages thanks to Blue singer Lee’s horrid, torrid love triangle. 
 
The pop star had flirted with 34GG-sized glamour model Casey before transferring his affections to American actress Jasmine Waltz, rubbing his new-found attraction to her in poor Casey’s face. Ouch. 
 
That was bad enough, but then the dastardly voting public promptly forced Lee and Casey to spend time alone together in an even smaller space. It made for cringe-inducing viewing, but Big Brother fans got what they wanted. 
   
 Share article  
   
If tonight’s fake eviction is anything like these gems, we’re in for a treat.

BerGenBio AS ("BerGenBio" or the "Company"), an oncology biopharmaceutical company, today announces that it has appointed Hilde Furberg and Dr Stener Kvinnsland as Non-Executive Directors to its Board of Directors, effective immediately. Hilde Furberg has over 30 years of experience in pharma and biotech and is currently Senior Vice President Rare Diseases EMEA at Genzyme, a Sanofi company. Previously her role was Vice President and General Manager of Nordic Benelux and Nordic General Manager at Genzyme. Prior to joining Genzyme, Ms Furberg was Managing Director and part-owner of Pharmalink A/S and held a number of roles at Baxter including Managing Director, Sweden. She is currently a board member at Pharmalink AB and has held board positions at Algeta ASA, Clavis, Pronova and Probi AB. Dr Stener Kvinnsland has more than 30 years of experience in oncology. He is Chair of Board, Oslo University Hospital. Among Dr Kvinnsland's previous roles, he was Chief Executive Officer of the Bergen Hospital Trust (Helse Bergen), Head of the Department of Oncology and Medical Physics at Haukeland University Hospital, Professor of Medicine (Oncology) at the University of Bergen and Director Clinical R&D, Oncology for Pharmacia & Upjohn in Milan. 

Richard Godfrey, Chief Executive Officer of BerGenBio, commenting on the appointments, said: 

"I am delighted that Hilde and Stener will be joining our Board of Directors. With experience of the pharmaceutical industry and drug development, they are very welcome additions to the Board. I look forward to working with them both as we continue to grow BerGenBio." 

About BerGenBio AS 

BerGenBio AS is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company. The company is committed to developing innovative therapeutics that inhibit epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), a widely recognised key pathway in immune evasion, acquired cancer drug-resistance and metastasis. The company is founded on proprietary platform technology, CellSelect(TM), which uses information from RNAi screening studies to identify and validate novel drug targets and biomarkers. BGB324 is the first compound in BerGenBio's pipeline to enter clinical trials in AML and NSCLC, and the company has additional compounds and drug targets at different stages of preclinical development. http://www.bergenbio.com 

SOURCE BerGenBio 

http://rt.prnewswire.com/rt.gif?NewsItemId=enUK201508317706&Transmission_Id=201509010200PR_NEWS_USPR_____enUK201508317706&DateId=2015

First aired in 2005, ''Aik Din Geo Key Saath'' spends a day with legendary Haseeb Paracha, who is currently base commander of PAF Shahbaz, which houses PAF's prime unit of F-16 Block-52 Vipers. 
 
 https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=10153644642019919

What is the Role of Memantine for Neuroprotection During Whole Brain Irradiation?
Published July 30, 2015 | By GRACE Video	Download PDF of this page
  What is the role for the neuroprotective agent memantine in patients receiving whole brain radiation therapy for brain metastases? Dr. Vivek Mehta reviews current practices to minimize risk of cognitive problems. Podcast: Play in new window | Download (Duration: 2:05 — 19.5MB) Download Transcript How Did You Like This Video?
Please feel free to offer comments and raise questions in our Discussion Forums.   Transcript I see number of patients that are going to need whole brain radiation for multiple brain metastasis in the brain, and one of the questions that has come up recently is, “is there anything out there we can do to reduce the cognitive impairment that’s associated with whole brain radiation?” Well, just a short while ago, we learned some really interesting, but preliminary, results on using a medicine called memantine. It’s actually a medicine that’s often used in Alzheimer’s disease, but it was done in a study where patients who were receiving whole brain radiation either got this medication, or didn’t get this medication. The results of the study suggest that there may be a benefit in terms of preventing the onset of cognitive impairment if you get this medicine.  Now, this is one of the very first studies, and it’s a relatively small study — it probably needs to be duplicated with a larger number of patients, it probably needs to be done in more stringent fashion, to really see and tease out whether this really works. I’ll tell you that, from a radiation oncology community, there’s a fair bit of excitement about this, because we want to do anything we can to potentially reduce this particular complication, because, in the patients that get this disease and survive for a long period of time, we want to keep their mental status as high as possible. In my clinic, when I see patients that bring this up, we often try to get this medication. One of the challenges that we have encountered is that insurance companies are not authorizing this for payment in this particular indication, and a medication, if you are buying it on your own, is awfully expensive.  So, we have not had as much success as we’d like, or the clinical experience in seeing patients truly benefit from this. It would be nice to see more studies, more data, and then convince the payers that this actually works, and that this should be moving into the standard of care. But I don’t think, today, that it’s something that we routinely offer to our patients because of these impediments. Related Posts:Whole Brain Radiation for Brain Metastases by GRACE Video July 16, 2015 Which Patients with Lung Cancer Should Receive Whole Brain… by GRACE Video by GRACE Video July 13, 2015 Palliative Radiation for Bone Metastases by GRACE Video by GRACE Video by GRACE Video July 23, 2015 Small Cell Lung Cancer Patients Can Benefit from… by GRACE Video by GRACE Video by GRACE Video by GRACE Video July 1, 2015 Treating Brain Mets in ALK+ Lung Cancer by GRACE Video by GRACE Video by GRACE Video by GRACE Video by GRACE Video September 29, 2014 Posted in A Reference Library on Lung Cancer, Core Concepts, GCVL-Lung, General, General Lung Cancer Issues, GRACE Cancer Video Library, GRACEcast, Lung Cancer, Lung Cancer, Management of Brain Metastases, Metastatic/Recurrent NSCLC, Metastatic/Recurrent NSCLC, First Line, Metastatic/Recurrent NSCLC, Second Line and Later, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), Radiation therapy, Treatment, WBRT | Tagged brain metastases, cognitive changes, GCVL, GCVL-Lung, memantine, whole brain radiation

Public Health (17-09-2015) The European Commission and the World Health Organisation's Regional Office for Europe (WHO EURO) are renewing their joint commitment to work together towards their shared objective of better health in Europe. 
 
Last week, Health and Food Safety Commissioner Vytenis Andriukaitis, and WHO EURO Director, Zsuzsanna Jakab, outlined the objectives, principles and modalities of their continued cooperation, to further develop synergies and complementary action . 
 
The Commission and WHO EURO have committed to scale up cooperation in the following areas: 
 innovation  health security  health information  health inequalities  health systems  chronic diseases  
The importance of cooperation across sectors to achieve health policy goals is particularly highlighted along with the necessity to define and implement concrete cooperative actions.

SOURCE LEVICK

-Communications and Public Affairs Powerhouse Now Has Offices in Washington, New York, Chicago, Miami, and Austin-

WASHINGTON 

"Our growth strategy is being driven by how we innovate for what the marketplace wants now and into the near future," said LEVICK President Mark Irion 

LEVICK's Texas 

Earlier this year, LEVICK also hired longtime Austin 

LEVICK's Austin 

More information on LEVICK is available at www.levick.com.

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dc-based-levick-opens-texas-office-solidifying-presence-in-four-of-the-top-five-biggest-states-in-usa-300152024.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

Refractometersales Comes Up With Unique Equipment for Testing Different Food Products Miércoles, septiembre 2nd, 2015 China; 02, September 2015: Refractometers are mostly used for various beverages and other food product testing requirements. They are known to be very accurate and help in fast measurements. It is important to buy these products from an experienced professional that can provide quality products at cost effective rates. One of the professional companies selling various designs of refractometers is Refractometersales. The biggest advantage of this equipment is that they improve the usability by making the process smooth and really fast. When compared with traditional products this equipment can be really accurate and improve the flexibility quotient. The Brix Refractometer sold on the online store is mainly used for testing sugar quotient in various food products. These food products include soft drinks, fruits, wines and various other beverages. Having a look at the quality of beverage and checking the ripeness of any fruit it is important to use good equipment that can provide accurate results. There are huge amount of products available in the online store that have different scale range. One can have a look at the specifications of the products and buy the one that meets their requirements and budget. It is important to make a proper research before buying the products so that one can get value for their money. The salinity refractometer available at refractometersales is mainly used in the marine industry and for various clinical researches. Checking the salt content in liquid and measuring the specific gravity of salinity can be a very difficult process if one does not use proper equipment. It is important to understand the basic process involved in these testing procedures. The equipment sold in the online store comes with a sharp reticle chart that makes the process much simpler for the technicians. The buyers can also have a look at the gem refractometer that comes with polarizing filter, refractometer index list, carrying case, a bottle of refractive index oil and all the equipment required for testing the gemstones. It is a verypowerful equipment that can be used for testing various semi-precious and precious stones. It measures the refractive index of the stones and helps in understanding the durability, opacity, scarcity and transparency of the stones. It comes with a one year warranty and the users can contact the company if they face any problems while using the products. The website also provides a detailed blog and news section to help the readers get to know about the latest developments in the field of testing various products with the help of refracotmeters. The buyers can select the appropriate payment method among the secure payment system provided by the website and buy the products they like. About Refractometersales.com Xiamen Factory: Refractometersales is based in China and they have been selling various technical instruments for being used in laboratory. One can have a look at the above mentioned site to have a detailed look at the products. For Media Contact:
Company: Refractometersales.com Xiamen Factory
Phone: +86 (592) 598 3451
Fax: +86 (592) 598 3454
Email Id: sales@Refractometersales.com
Website: http://www.refractometersales.com/

By Christian Radnedge 

 
World Rugby ceo Brett Gosper says he expects the commercial revenue from the upcoming Rugby World Cup to exceed £250million. 
 
Speaking to reporters at Twickenham four days ahead of the opening ceremony, Gosper explained how TV deals would make up the bulk of the commercial assets of this year’s showpiece in England. 
 
The broadcast contracts for this year’s World Cup have shown a huge increase from the last tournament in New Zealand in 2011, according to Gosper (pictured). 
 
“In terms of commercial they’ve grown probably about 60 per cent since last World Cup in 2011,” he said. “We’re targeting around £240 million of total commercial revenues of which television would be around 65 per cent of that. 
 
“That split tends to remain the same when the numbers have gone higher and we’re expecting a surplus to be invested back into world rugby of in excess of around £150 million by the end of the tournament. 
 
“So a very healthy commercial programme.” 
 
Those high numbers sit alongside the record breaking figures of ticket sales confirmed on Tuesday, with around 95 per cent of the tickets sold for the entire tournament. 
 
England 2015 managing director Stephen Brown spoke excitedly about the sales which means that the tournament will live up to the expectations of World Rugby as being “the biggest one ever”. 
 
“We’re already the biggest tournament ever in terms of tickets sold,” Brown said. “In France 2.25 million were sold in 2007. It shows the fantastic scale and fantastic interest and we will have a brilliant attendance. 
 
“There are still tickets available, in fact 40,000 are still available.  Another great success has been our ticket reselling platform. We’ve had 55,000 sold in a safe and secure way, which is a great success and first for this tournament.” 
 
Meanwhile, World Rugby president Bernard Lapasset dismissed the notion that the next edition in 2019 could be moved because of concerns over the scrapping of Tokyo’s planned stadium. 
 
The high-cost venue was to be the centrepiece of the first ever Rugby World Cup in Asia in four years’ time and would also play a part in the Olympics in 2020. 
 
But plans for the stadium were scrapped earlier this year due to the rising costs (believed to be around $2bn). Lapasset, however, insisted the tournament would go ahead as planned. 
 
"We have no Plan B for 2019,” he said. "We are very confident of working with Japan. It is four years to go now, and time to complete the process.”

It took a Black Hawk County jury about an hour to convict a 25-year-old Waterloo man of first degree robbery and burglary yesterday. 
 
Darius Crawley and another person entered a home at 119 West Mullan Avenue during the early morning hours of June 16, beat one of the residents in the head with the butt of a shotgun, and demanded to know where “the stuff” was.  The victim told them it was in the basement, but then both residents jumped out of a second floor window and called police from a friend’s house. 
 
Crawley could get up to 25 years in prison when he’s sentenced.

Below is an extract of another of Pete Davison’s excellent definition blogs. You can find the full version at angryjedi.wordpress.com / I’m Not Doctor Who Jud House 2056: Pete’s Probably Non-Comprehensive Visual Novel Primer
Pete Davison •#oneaday •4h ago
0056_001 I posted the following over on the Squadron of Shame forums the other day, since we were getting into a discussion on visual novels. I thought it might be of some interest to people who don’t frequent the Squawkbox, so I present it here in slightly extended format for your enjoyment and information. Pete’s Probably Non-Comprehensive Visual Novel Primer
What is a visual novel?
First things first, get out of the habit of thinking of a visual novel as a “game”, despite the fact that they’re typically sold as games, referred to as “games” and share a number of stylistic and mechanical elements with games. In Japanese popular culture, visual novels are treated as their own distinct medium, and in the pantheon of media which creators tell stories across, they comfortably sit alongside light novels, manga, anime, movies, live-action TV shows and, yes, video games. Transmedia productions often span several or even all of the above formats, and any one of them can prove the starting point for a successful franchise. The reason I mention visual novels’ distinction from traditional games is because visual novels very often don’t have any “gameplay” as such, and coming to them with the expectation that you will be “doing” anything is often a recipe for disappointment. There are exceptions of course, since some visual novels do incorporate “game” elements — notable examples include Aselia the Eternal’s extremely deep and satisfying strategy game and its spiritual successor Yumina the Ethereal’s dungeon-crawling and peculiar argument-based battle system — but for the most part, visual novels are about reading reams of text accompanied by some combination of art, music and voice acting. In other words, they’re a dedicated storytelling medium that occupies a peculiar space at the intersection between manga, anime and traditionally written prose. Danganronpa, Corpse Party and Ace Attorney are often described as visual novels due to their text-heavy nature and emphasis on linear storytelling, but there’s a strong argument that they are more adventure game than visual novel due to their balance between story and game being firmly in favour of “game”. Ultimately it doesn’t matter all that much; if you’re less than familiar with the visual novel medium as a whole, though, just don’t go in expecting to actually have any interaction whatsoever, and then you can only be pleasantly surprised if you do get to do something. The appeal of a visual novel is in the storytelling, not the interaction. Types of visual novel
The presentation of pure visual novels can be roughly broken down into two main types: NVL (“novel”) types fill the screen with text, usually in a semi-transparent box so you can see the artwork behind it, and read like a traditional novel. Examples of this type include Kana Little Sister and KiraKira.
ADV (“adventure”) types look more “gamey”, with a dialogue box at the bottom of the screen and a clear view of the art and characters. These tend to have a sharper demarcation between narration and dialogue, compared to NVL types, which will often mix both on a single screen of text. Examples of this type include Katawa Shoujo and The Fruit of Grisaia. This is probably the more common type we see in the West.
Visual novels can also be split into a couple of different categories according to structure: Kinetic novels have no choices whatsoever. You start them up, you read them, you reach the end. You have absolutely no interaction whatsoever — it’s a pure storytelling medium.
Multi-scenario visual novels are the more common type. Most of these start with a common route, then branch off in a number of different directions according to choices you make in the common route. Some further split the branches into other routes, not all of them necessarily ending well; others guarantee you a specific good ending once you lock in a particular route. Other useful terminology
Bad/Wrong/Dead End — an ending in which the protagonist and/or hero/heroine dies, usually. Not necessarily a “fail” state; if the story is a tragedy, there might be nothing but bad endings!
Good End — an ending in which everything resolves nicely and cleanly, and (usually) no-one dies.
True End — an ending which is treated as canonical for the purposes of sequels, whether or not sequels actually exist. True Ends are often inaccessible until you complete all the other routes.
Decision point — being presented with a choice. Not every choice in a visual novel has an impact on how the story ends out, but most don’t tell you one way or the other, and some don’t even allow you to save while a decision point is on screen, so choose wisely!
Clear — reading a visual novel to one of its conclusions.
Full/100% Clear — reading all of the possible routes to a visual novel, including bad endings, and unlocking all the bonus content.
Flag — hidden binary variables that are set and unset according to the choices that you make. The most commonly referenced is the “death flag”, where a choice you made will result in someone’s death, not necessarily immediately. Some visual novels use flags to determine which route you end up on.
Points/stats — other visual novels have hidden “stats” according to your choices, and use these to determine which route you end up on. Kana Little Sister is an example of this; the choices you make in the first half of the game determine the personality of the protagonist and his sister, and this determines how the latter half of the game plays out.
Skip — the ability to fast-forward through text you’ve already read. All but essential for subsequent playthroughs to get different routes, unless you really want to read all the same text again. Most visual novels stop skipping when they reach a decision point.
CG/event image — a piece of artwork that isn’t a character sprite overlaid on a background, usually depicting something significant happening. You are considered to have 100% cleared a visual novel when you have unlocked every CG in the game’s gallery page.
H-scene — pronounced “ecchi scene”, these are the erotic scenes in an eroge or nukige. * * *

SOURCE Research and Markets

DUBLIN 

Through-Silicon Via (TSV) is a vertical electrical connection that passes completely through a silicon wafer or chip to create 3D ICs or packages. The drivers for market adoption of 3D ICs are increased performance, reduced form factor and cost reduction. 

TSV provides the high-bandwidth interconnection between stacked chips. The different TSV processes, which are more complex than initially anticipated, are analyzed. 

This report analyzes the market for TSV ICs by units and wafers, and for equipment and materials used in their manufacture. 

Key Topics Covered: 

Chapter 1 Introduction 

Chapter 2 Insight Into Critical Issues 

2.1 Driving Forces In 3-D TSV 

2.2 Benefits of 3-D ICs With TSVs 

2.3 Requirements For A Cost Effective 3-D Die Stacking Technology 

2.4 TSV Technology Challenges 

2.5 TSV Supply Chain Challenge 

2.6 Limitations of 3-D Packaging Technology 

Chapter 3 Cost Structure 

3.1 Cost Structure of 3-D chip Stacks 

3.2 Cost of Ownership 

Chapter 4 Critical Processing Technologies 

4.1 Introduction 

4.2 Cu Plating 

4.3 Lithography 

4.4 Plasma Etch Technology 

4.5 Stripping/Cleaning 

4.6 Thin Wafer Bonding 

4.7 Wafer Thinning/CMP 

4.8 Stacking 

4.9 Metrology/Inspection 

Chapter 5 Evaluation Of Critical Development Segments 

5.1 Introduction 

5.2 Via-first 

5.3 Via-Middle 

5.4 Via-Last 

5.5 Interposers 

Chapter 6 Profiles Of Participants 

6.1 Chip Manufacturers/Packaging Houses/Services 

6.2 Equipment Suppliers 

6.3 Material Suppliers 

6.4 R&D 

Chapter 7 Market Analysis 

7.1 TSV Device Roadmap 

7.2 TSV Device Forecast 

7.3 Equipment Forecast 

7.4 Material Forecast 

Companies Mentioned 

- 3D ASSM 

- 3D Alliance 

- 3M 

- 6.2 Equipment Suppliers 

- 6.3 Material Suppliers 

- 6.4 R&D 

- A*STAR 

- ALLVIA 

- ASE 

- Applied Materials 

- Atotech 

- BeSang 

- Brewer Science 

- CEA-Leti 

- Chartered Semiconductor 

- Cubic Wafer 

- Fraunhofer IZM 

- Freescale 

- Fujikura 

- IBM 

- Infineon 

- Intel 

- Jazz Semiconductor 

- KAIST 

- Lam Research 

- Micron Technology 

- Sematech 

- Semitool 

- Sharp 

- Silex Microsystems 

- Spansion 

- Suss MicroTec 

- TSMC 

- Ziptronix 

- ZyCube 

For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/dc77dr/3d_tsv_insight 

Media Contact: 

Laura Wood 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/3-d-tsv-market-study-2015-insight-on-critical-issues-and-market-analysis-300136799.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

cture: AFP   Munich. Tens of thousands of Europeans hit the streets Saturday in both support and opposition to incoming refugees, as overwhelmed authorities in the German city of Munich pleaded for help in accommodating a fresh wave of arrivals, AFP reports. 
With Germany seen as the promised land by many of those seeking safe haven in Europe, more than 9,000 migrants poured into the Bavarian capital on Saturday alone. 
More were expected to arrive overnight, prompting local officials to warn the southern city was being stretched to the limit and would struggle to find beds for all the newcomers. 
As the continent scrambles to respond to the biggest movement of people since World War II, sharp divisions have emerged between the European Union's 28 member states, at both a government level and on the streets. 
© 2015 All rights reserved. Citing Focus Information Agency is mandatory!

Markets In A Minute For The Week Ending 9/4/15
             We are all busy.  It is tough to keep on top of all the markets and how they are performing.   That is why, I always enjoy Mike's Markets In A Minute Updates.  Here is his latest one for the week ending 9/4/15.  I hope you all had a great week, and will enjoy your weekend too.   http://www.closewithmichael.com/2015/09/markets-in-a-minute-september-4-2015/

(Reuters) - Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy said on Thursday he will accept his four-game NFL suspension over a domestic violence incident and will not pursue legal action accusing the league of violating its personal-conduct policy in the matter.

Hardy was suspended for 10 games by National Football League Commissioner Roger Goodell in April but an arbitrator in July trimmed the ban to four games.

"While I am terribly disappointed to miss the first four games of this season, I am absolutely determined that my issue is not going to be a distraction for the Cowboys," Hardy said in a statement.

"I have enormous affection and respect for everyone here, and having seen the impact a court case can have on an NFL organization, I believe it is in the team’s best interest for me to announce that I will not pursue any further litigation."

Hardy, a five-year NFL veteran, was found guilty by a district court judge in July 2014 of assaulting his former girlfriend, Nicole Holder. But he appealed the verdict and under North Carolina law was then allowed to have a jury trial.

The domestic violence charges were then dropped in February when Holder could not be found to testify.

Hardy, 27, will be eligible to return to action on Oct. 11 when the Cowboys host the New England Patriots.

(Reporting by Steve Ginsburg in Washington; Editing by Will Dunham)

Dear Volkswagen: 

I want my money back. 
 
Two years ago, when I went shopping for a new car for the first time in 10 years, I ended up buying one of yours: A 2014 Passat TDI. 

Part of your Clean Diesel lineup, the sales manager told me, it was a car that would allow me to be environmentally responsible while enjoying superior fuel economy. 
 
I actually thought she was serious. 

Now I know better. 

Turns out the impressive emissions numbers you touted in your ads and showrooms were fraudulent. It wasn't innovative engineering that made those numbers possible, but some software sleight-of-hand that allowed your clean diesel engines to enable emissions controls when government regulators were watching and turn them off during ordinary driving. 

I'm not an engineer, but I recognize the technology you employed to disguise your cars' exhaust fumes as a variation on the tactic parolees use to conceal drug use from their parole officers. 

A few years ago, I wrote about a product called the Whizzinator, which was designed, like Volkswagen's emissions software, primarily to deceive government regulators. 

Available in a variety of flesh tones designed to accommodate every (male) customer, the Whizzinator used a plastic penis to deliver untainted urine from a concealed reservoir to a specimen cup under the scrutiny of vigilant parole officers, bypassing the test subject's own organs and any incriminating waste products they might house. 

Substitute some sophisticated software code for the Whizzinator's crude plumbing and you have the tactic Volkswagen used to deceive EPA officials testing the automakers' vehicles for illegal levels of air pollution. 

When the EPA called foul on your company last week, I hesitated to believe its allegations. After all, it was my own judgment the agency was implicating as well as yours. 

As a journalist, I take some pride in my capacity to discern when someone is misleading me, whether unwittingly or deliberately. So I waited all weekend for your official response, hoping Volkswagen would provide evidence that the EPA was mistaken or, at the very least, that the company, too, had been deceived by a handful of renegade employees. 

But when CEO Martin Winterkorn finally broke his silence Sunday, he offered no extenuating circumstances that might mitigate the company's culpability for the clean diesel hoax. 

“I personally am deeply sorry that we have broken the trust of our customers and the public,” Winterkorn, who resigned Wednesday, said in a statement. 

Like most apologies for cheating, your CEO's would have been more impressive if he'd made it before he was caught with his pants down.  

The bottom line, then, is that you lied to me and everyone else who purchased one of your clean diesel vehicles. I then amplified your deception, however unwittingly, by boasting that my new vehicle was not only more fuel-efficient than most of neighbors' but cleaner as well. 

And for that, you owe me more than a belated admission of guilt. 

I don't know if I'll ever receive a penny of compensation for that deception, or its negative impact on the resale value of my now 20-month-old fraud-mobile. 

But I know I've purchased my last Volkswagen vehicle. 

Whizz me once, shame on you; Whizz me twice, shame on me. 

Tribune Content Agency 

Brian Dickerson is a columnist for the Detroit Free Press. 

SOURCE ReportBuyer

LONDON 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/body-worn-insect-repellent-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2015---2021-300150312.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

They are graduating from NSW law schools in numbers greater than their male counterparts, but women still make up just over 20 per cent of barristers, spend fewer hours in court and get paid hundreds of thousands of dollars less in fees. They are graduating from NSW law schools in numbers greater than their male counterparts, but women still make up just over 20 per cent of barristers, spend fewer hours in court and get paid hundreds of thousands of dollars less in fees. Now the NSW Bar Association is proposing national targets and reporting requirements to tackle "head-on" the lack of gender diversity at the bar and create a level playing-field for men and women.

A working party commissioned by the association's president, Jane Needham SC, has recommended new targets for briefing women barristers that would apply to law firms with at least 25 lawyers and all government agencies.

In a report released this week, the working group says that by July 1, 2017, the firms and agencies should give 10 per cent of all briefs to women silks. The target rises to 20 per cent of all briefs given to junior counsel with at least five years' experience, and 35 per cent of briefs given to less experienced juniors. Source: NSW Bar Association survey, 2014 Design: Michael Howard Silks, meanwhile, should try to ensure women appear as their juniors in 23 per cent of matters requiring a court appearance.

"It's not really asking all that much of people, even though it looks quite radical on its face," Ms Needham. "The figures are very clear that women are not being given the same opportunities as men."

Ms Needham said the targets had to be "fairly low" because women currently make up just under 10 per cent of silks at the NSW bar and 23 per cent of juniors, or 21 per cent of barristers overall. This is despite the fact they now make up more than 66 per cent of law graduates.

The working group, led by Sydney silks Arthur Moses and Kate Eastman, said the disparity between the fees earned by male and female barristers would be "unacceptable in any other industry". Source: Beyond the Statistical Gap: 2009 Court Appearance Survey, Law Council of Australia Design: Michael Howard The average gross annual fees for men at the NSW bar are $437,450 compared with $269,958 for women, a disparity of 38 per cent.

Based on available figures, this appears to be among the biggest pay gaps in the country. The federal Workplace Gender Equality Agency reported in August that the financial and insurance services industry had the biggest gender pay gap at 30.5 per cent but it did not report specifically on barristers' pay.

The Bar Association's working group noted the pay figures must be read in context, given men were generally older and had been established at the NSW bar longer than women.

A 2009 report by the Law Council of Australia found only 5.8 per cent of appearances by silks in the Federal Court were by women. The average length of the hearing for women silks in that court was just 2.7 hours, compared with 119.7 hours for men.

If adopted in NSW and around the country, the changes would update the Law Council's equitable briefing policy. Firms and agencies would report annually on the number of men and women barristers briefed.

Mr Moses said the existing policy had "failed and needs to be revisited" and the disparity in pay between men and women at the bar "cannot be explained away". Equitable Briefing Working Group report, 2015 Design: Michael Howard "The simple fact is that the majority of law graduates for a substantial period of time have been women - indeed, women have been overwhelmingly the best and brightest of the graduates," Mr Moses said. "In order for the bar to remain strong and independent it needs not only to recruit but retain more women."

The Law Council's president-elect, Clayton Utz partner Stuart Clark, said a national briefing policy was required because many law firms briefing barristers operated across at least two jurisdictions. The NSW Bar Association was charged with revising the policy.

"What we've said, importantly, is things that don't get measured don't get done, so it's absolutely critical that you have sensible targets," Mr Clark said. "There's absolute agreement that the time for talking is over and now is the time for action."

The recommendations will be discussed at a meeting of all associations and the Law Council in the coming months. If NSW is any guide, the proposal is likely to encounter some resistance. At a meeting on August 13, three male silks on the NSW Bar Association's governing body - Paul Menzies, QC, Alan Sullivan, QC, and Jeffrey Phillips, SC - dissented from a resolution for the report to be provided to the Law Council of Australia. The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

Former Ireland flanker Kevin McLaughlin is the latest rugby star forced to retire due to concussion. 
 
The 31-year-old suffered a concussion in Leinster's season-opening Pro12 clash with Edinburgh and has since been advised to retire. 
 
McLaughlin's premature retirement follows hot on the heels of former Wales flanker Jonathan Thomas quitting the sport after contracting epilepsy due to repetitive head trauma. 
 
Governing body World Rugby have admitted looking into potential law changes around tackling in a bid to improve the sport's safety. 
 
"It is upsetting and frustrating to have to retire when I feel I have so much left to give but it is the right decision and I am glad that our medical staff were so proactive in encouraging me to see a neurologist," McLaughlin told Leinster's website. 
 
"The support I have received from the club and my team-mates has been incredible and will help to soften the blow of having to having to retire from the game I love. 
 
"From a rugby perspective I have no regrets. 
 
"I was lucky enough to be involved in Leinster throughout a very successful and rewarding period during which I have learned a lot about life and made lifelong friends." 
 
McLaughlin won eight caps for Ireland but also featured in Leinster's 2011 and 2012 Heineken Cup final victories. 
 
The combative flanker had stepped up to captain Leinster at the start of the season in the absence of number eight Jamie Heaslip, away at the World Cup with Ireland. 
 
Leinster lost their opening Pro12 match 16-9 at Edinburgh on September 4, and after suffering a head injury McLaughlin has now been forced to retire. 
 
" Having sustained a concussion in the opening Pro12 game against Edinburgh Kevin was referred by the Leinster Rugby medical team to a leading neurologist, due to concerns about his increasing susceptibility to concussion and the length of recovery," read Leinster's statement. 
   Promoted stories   
"Following tests it was recommended that it would be in his best long-term interests to stop playing." 
 
Head coach Leo Cullen admitted he hopes McLaughlin will continue to help Leinster within their back-room set-up. 
   
 Share article  
   
"Kevin is a very popular member of the squad both on and off the pitch and thankfully he's open to the possibility of helping out with us behind the scenes certainly in the short term and again I think that's an indication of the esteem with which he is held within the group," said Cullen. 
 
"Kevin is one of the most selfless players in our squad. He is the consummate pro and always put the team first."

Inkster Road has been closed between Ecorse Road and Trolley Industrial Drive in Romulus due to extensive repairs being done on the catch basins by the Wayne County Department of Public Services.The closure was announced by the county at about 2 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 3.The county says detours has been posted. The work is expected to be completed and the road reopened by Thursday evening.Visit www.compass.waynecounty.com to view the latest road conditions.

By Rod Nickel 
    
WINNIPEG, Manitoba (Reuters) - Canada's New Democratic Party views the country's uranium as a "strategic asset," and would not reverse a rare government decision to allow foreign ownership of a proposed mine, leader Tom Mulcair said on Thursday. 
    
The uranium industry is unpopular in Quebec, the NDP's stronghold heading into next month's election. But it is a key part of the economy in Saskatchewan, where the party hopes to add support. 
    
The governing Conservatives in June made an exception to the country's longstanding policy requiring uranium mines to be majority-owned by Canadian companies, and approved an application by Australia's Paladin Energy Ltd. 
    
If the left-wing NDP forms government after the Oct. 19 election, it would not change that decision, Mulcair said during a Winnipeg campaign stop. 
    
"The federal government has a responsibility to keep a very close eye on" uranium production, he said. "It's a strategic asset, but the (Paladin decision) seems to have opened the possibility for better investment." 
    
Restrictions on foreign companies have reduced opportunities for companies, including Denison Mines Corp and Fission Uranium Corp, to find buyers for their planned uranium projects in Canada, the world's second-largest producer. 
    
The radioactive metal produces fuel for reactors. 
    
The Conservative government has said Paladin was unable to find a Canadian partner for its project in Newfoundland and Labrador. Saskatchewan-based Cameco Corp is the main owner of all of the country's uranium mines.
  Continued...

Researchers find possible source of insulin-producing cells in adult pancreas  
Sep. 23. /UPI/ -- Copyright 2015 United Press International, Inc. (UPI).  Any reproduction, republication, redistribution and/or modification of any UPI content is expressly prohibited without UPI's prior written consent.

Dell Curry is many things "” the Charlotte Hornets"™ all-time leading scorer, the team"™s TV color analyst for the past six seasons and the father of NBA players Steph and Seth Curry. 

In the past few months, Dell Curry has not only watched Steph win an NBA title with Golden State, but he has also become a grandfather again "” Steph and his wife, Ayesha, had another baby girl in July to join big sister Riley. And Dell Curry played a round of golf on Aug. 14 in a foursome that also included Steph, former NBA star Ray Allen and President Obama. 

Curry will return as a Hornets broadcaster again for his seventh season and said he is impressed that the Hornets have improved their perimeter shooting (which was always Curry"™s specialty in his playing days and is now the best part of his sons"™ games as well). I caught up with Curry this week by phone while he was in Utah on a hunting trip. 

Q: Is life any different for you now that Steph has won both an MVP and an NBA title? 

A: Well, a little. It"™s been a whirlwind summer, for sure. I"™m recognized a little more. 

 
 
	 
As my daughter said way back when Steph was at Davidson, he put me back on the map. After the Hornets"™ season ended, I was pretty much able to stay out in Oakland and go to all the playoff games and ride that wave with him and the family. 

Q: You will have two sons in the NBA this year, with Seth signing a two-year guaranteed deal to play for Sacramento. He had interest from several teams after starring in the D-league and the NBA"™s summer league, including Golden State. So why not go play beside his brother? 

A: I"™m really excited for Seth and proud of the way he has worked. He wants to create his own path in his own city, and I respect and understand that. Seth has an opportunity now. I know he can do it. He knows he can do it. But he still has to do it. 

Q: So how was playing golf with President Obama? 

A: That was one for the bucket list, for sure, to play golf with the most powerful man in the free world. Steph and I played against President Obama and Ray Allen. We lost on the 18th hole and lost a few bucks. The president is a good golfer. He plays from the left side and has a good short game. 

Q: You are a respected NBA analyst, and you are Steph"™s dad. If every NBA player was a free agent, you were a head coach and you got the No. 1 pick to start a new team, would you choose LeBron, Steph or someone else? 

A: Wow, that"™s a loaded one. All things considered, I"™m going Curry. 

"”"”"” 

Â©2015 The Charlotte Observer (Charlotte, N.C.) 

Visit The Charlotte Observer (Charlotte, N.C.) at www.charlotteobserver.com 

Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. 

_____ 

Topics: c000213164

I have a modicum of faith in films starring my beloved TV actors, mainly because I know their demanding schedules only allow them to devote but so much time to their theatrical endeavors. The Forest was a movie I was aware of but didn’t have much of an interest due to the premise seeming somewhat generic. If I remember correctly my exact thought was “It’s gonna take a lot of skill to get me to watch this”. Either I’m much more of a pushover than I thought or this film actually has some potential. Gramercy Pictures released a trailer today and I’m kinda intrigued but the hand I was dealt. Here, see for yourself: A supernatural thriller set in the legendary Aokigahara Forest at the base of Mt. Fuji in Japan. A young American woman, Sara  (Natalie Dormer of “Game of Thrones” and “The Hunger Games”), goes in search of her twin sister, who has mysteriously disappeared. Despite everyone’s warnings to “stay on the path,” Sara enters the forest determined to discover the truth about her sister’s fate – only to be confronted by the angry and tormented souls of the dead that prey on anyone who wanders into the forest. Now there are things that seem a little generic and you might write this one off without much thought if you’ve already seen films like The Cabin in the Woods but I’m a genuine Dormer Supporter. The Forest will release January 2016 so there’s still plenty of time to get a clearer picture on what’s in store. Source: Gramercy Pictures  

The foyer of the Constitutional Court of South Africa proved a fitting context for the eleven diverse business and arts partnerships honoured at the 18th Annual Business Day BASA Awards, partnered by Hollard, on 21 September 2015. Surrounded by artworks from the Constitutional Court Art Collection (CCAC), the winners in the eleven judged categories were celebrated, along with the winners of the event's four special awards selected at the discretion of the Business and Arts South Africa (BASA) Board. 

Each winner received a unique sculpture by renowned artist, Collen Maswanganyi, inspired by the theme of transformation. Maswanganyi created a "family" of pieces, with each sculpture representing a different family member who has undergone, or is busy undergoing, a transformation of his or her own. 

"We'd like to congratulate all the winners tonight," commented Michelle Constant, BASA CEO. "By celebrating these business and arts partnerships, we are also paying tribute to the power of the arts, in all its diversity, to be a tool of transformation." 

Heidi Brauer, Chief Marketing Officer at Hollard, comments: "It made such beautiful sense to celebrate these society-changing projects in a place that holds us to the highest possible standards of commitment to building a better South Africa for everyone. We salute each of the finalists and applaud all of the winners." 

Winners ranged from small projects to large-scale ones, and encompass many different aspects of the arts. For instance, the winner of the First Time Sponsor Award was the partnership between the Recycling and Economic Development Initiative of South Africa (REDISA) and the Puku Children's Literature Foundation. The partnership saw REDISA sponsoring the Puku Story Festival in Grahamstown and Puku Story Competition for teenagers to write stories in isiXhosa with an environmental theme. This year's International Sponsorship Award was won by Redefine Properties Limited for supporting the Buskaid Soweto String Ensemble's tour to the UK, a resounding success on many different levels. The Sponsorship In Kind Award went to Cliffe Dekker Hofmeyr Inc., proud partner of The Magnet Theatre Educational Trust, united by a mission to facilitate access to avenues of empowerment and transformation for historically disadvantaged and vulnerable groups. In particular, the partnership culminated in Magnet's successful application for Section 18A status, contributing to improved sustainability. The partnership between MayFord Seeds and Apollo Music Trust, Symphony Choir of Johannesburg, and Last Night of the Proms, won the Arts and the Environment Award, supported by Nedbank. (See below for a full list of winners.) 

The 18th Annual Business Day BASA Awards, partnered by Hollard, commissioned a performance by Anthea Moys, with Lavendhri Arumugam, Dion Monti, and Wits School of Arts Fine Art students, titled The Window Workers. "The conceptual foundation of this piece builds on notions of 'transformation in action - the idea that transformation takes work, and working together," explained Moys. 

Judges for the 18th Annual Business Day BASA Awards, partnered by Hollard, were CEO of the Mastrantonio Group and BASA board member, Gianni Mariano (BASA Awards Chairman); Entrepreneur, writer, facilitator and content architect, Kojo Baffoe; Arts commentator and writer, Mary Corrigall; CEO of the Field Band Foundation, Nicolette du Plessis; CEO of the National Heritage Monument, Dali Tambo; Experiential Marketing Director at Geometry Global Johannesburg, Theresho Selesho; and arts consultant and BASA board member, Mandie van der Spuy. 

As part of the legacy of the 18th Annual Business Day BASA Awards, partnered by Hollard, BASA worked with the CCAC to facilitate the development of the first iteration of an app that allows all smartphone users to take a tour of this important collection - either on site, or remotely. The Constitutional Court Art Collection App is free, and available for download via the Google Play Store, App Store, or BlackBerry Work. 18th Annual Business Day BASA Awards, partnered by Hollard, winners: 

Innovation Award

PPC Cement (Pty) Ltd for the Cool Capital PPC Public Bench Project 

First-Time Sponsor Award

Recycling and Economic Development Initiative of South Africa (REDISA) for the Puku Story Festival 

Increasing Access to the Arts Award

Nando's Chickenland (Pty) Ltd for The Chicken Run 

International Sponsorship Award

Redefine Properties Limited for the Buskaid Soweto String Ensemble - UK Tour 

Long-Term Partnership Award

Standard Bank of South Africa Limited for the Standard Bank Joy of Jazz 

Media Sponsorship Award

SAfm for the SAfm Playwriting Competition 

Strategic Project Award

Rand Merchant Bank for War Horse 

Small Business Award

African Music Instruments for the Access Music Project 

Sponsorship In Kind Award

Cliffe Dekker Hofmeyr Inc. for The Magnet Theatre Educational Trust's Youth Training and Development Programmes 

Development Award

Investec for the Umuzi Academy 

Arts and the Environment Award, supported by Nedbank

MayFord Seeds for the In Tune With Nature: The Dutch Evening, Last Night of the Proms, and Symphony Choir Concerts 

About BASA (NPC):

Business and Arts South Africa (NPC) is an internationally recognised South African development agency with a suite of integrated programmes implemented nationally and internationally. BASA encourages mutually beneficial partnerships between business and the arts, securing the future development of the arts sector in South Africa and contributing to corporate success through Shared Value. Business and Arts South Africa (NPC) was founded in 1997 as a joint initiative of the Department of Arts and Culture and the business sector as a public/private partnership.

Introduction 

	The two organizations I have chosen are as followed, Sexual Compulsives Anonymous (SCA), and Recovering Couples Anonymous (RCA).   Before research, the writer believed all of the categories would fall under a program called Sexual Addictions Anonymous.   The writer had no idea there were meetings that specialized for certain addictions.   The following paper will be formatted to answer questions regarding the nature, places, purpose, nearest location, and latest news from the organization. 

Who Attends the Meetings 

	Sexual Compulsives Anonymous (SCA), has two sets of meetings ones that are open, and ones that are closed.   An open meeting does not require the person to identify as a sexual compulsive person.   The closed meetings require the person to not necessarily identify as a sexual compulsive person but meet the following criteria. “A "closed" meeting allows attendance and participation only by SCA members or those who think they might qualify for membership.  Remember, the Third Tradition states that, "The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop having compulsive sex.”   (SCA Recovery Org.)   

	Recovering Couples Anonymous (RCA), the meeting are open to anyone, however they do require a commitment from both parties in the couple.   “The only requirement for membership is a desire to remain committed to each other and to develop new intimacy. Our primary purpose is to stay committed in loving and intimate relationships and to help other couples achieve freedom from addicted and destructive relationships.” (recovering-couples.org) 

Stated Purposes of the Organizations 

	Sexual Compulsives Anonymous are to help lower the behavior, and in return lesson the fantasies and triggers.   The main purpose is a support group, where each member hears the other person’s story and allows them to share similar issues, and or how they have overcome that aspect in the addiction.... 

View Full Essay

The Supermega rapper , AKA has dropped a surprise supa duba track titled ‘COMPOSURE’. The track was released as surprise when it leaked via DJ Milkshake’s soundcloud. This is another song to talk about with the lyrical content it carries and some will dub it as a diss song more especially to Cassper Nyovest as the subject. Apart from that , the track gets interesting with some these line : 
 
– “Tryna fill up the dome I’m about to fill up your hoe” 
 
– “I’m the reason Ni***s has The SAGA on repeat now you wanna charge me 80k for a beat” 
 
– Even Riky called me the other day, stuck in the middle and said we can’t collaborate 
 
– That’s da Problem with you New School cats , took all a styles from MalumKoolKat 
 
– Bring it your face like LOREAL, ain’t gon treat your ponytail like the holygrail 
 
The story in the song tells it all.  Check it out below: 
 
  Post Views:  5  
Leave your Comment 
comments

A DEMENTIA specialist care home in Kidderminster has unveiled its new sensory garden following a five-year project to complete it. 
 
BBC Midlands Today star Mary Rhodes and Mayor Councillor Rose Bishop officially opened the garden in The Firs Care Home in Kidderminster that is aimed at engaging residents. 
 
It boasts a landscaped garden with a variety of plants, a water feature, a caravan and a variety of other features. 
 
Firs owner Stella Gurney started the project in 2010 as a way to engage dementia residents in activities they may have enjoyed in the past. 
 
The new garden cost more than £10,000 with the Firs funding the landscaping and further grants coming from Worcestershire County Council ’s Dementia Award scheme. 
 
Mrs Gurney who also owns Hernes Nest House, another Care Home in Bewdley, said the garden will help ensure residents take part in activities that will allow them to live fulfilling and happy lives. 
 
She said: “Reminiscing with dementia residents is a very important part of keeping memories alive. 
 
“With the Sensory Garden, at whatever stage the dementia journey, there is something in the garden for residents to feel, touch, see and hear which will ignite good memories.” 
 
“A fully functioning caravan will resonate well with residents who used to enjoy caravan holidays, while a van in the garden gives those who travelled around in one something to reminisce over. 
   
 Share article  
   
“A working garden shed, and an old fashion village shop all set the scenes for reminiscing in the Sensory Garden. It offers residents and family members a tranquil area for some quiet time together. 
 
“Complementing the different plants is a host of different textures in stone slabs, woodwork and other features that add to the landscape to stimulate the different senses.”

Fed watchers are speculating that the FOMC meeting later this month might be the occasion to raise the federal funds rate target off the "zero lower bound," where it has been since December 2008.  In a column arguing against such a move, Larry Summers writes:
From the Depression to the Vietnam War to the Iraq war to the euro crisis, we surely should learn that policymakers who elevate credibility over responding to clear realities make grave errors. The best way the Fed can maintain and enhance its credibility is to support a fully employed American economy achieving its inflation target with stable financial conditions. The greatest damage it could do to its credibility would be to embrace central-banking shibboleth disconnected from current economic reality. At the Fiscal Times, Mark Thoma writes:
The inflation problems of the 1970s, the loss of Fed credibility that came with it, and the need to impose the Volcker recession in the early 1980s to bring inflation down to tolerable levels made an indelible impression on policymakers who lived through that time period. The Fed’s trigger-happy response to any suggestion of an inflation problem is directly related to the desire to never let such an inflation outburst happen again.
But it has been more than four decades since the beginning of the inflation problems of the 1970s, and the economic environment in which monetary policy operates has changed considerably since that time. Those changes support patience, particularly in response to increases in wages, wages that have been stagnant since the 1970s even as labor productivity has been increasing. The "credibility" argument in monetary policy is based on the idea that the central bank will be tempted to use inflation to "overheat" the economy and bring unemployment down below its "natural" (or equilibrium) levels for political reasons - e.g., to help the incumbent party in an election year.  Any gains would be, at best, short-lived, as people would incorporate a higher level of inflation into their expectations and set wages and prices accordingly.  Based on this logic - which seems helpful for interpreting how we got into the "stagflation" of the 1970s - economists look for policies and institutional structures to correct this perceived inflationary bias.
In the past several years, this logic seems turned on its head.  If anything, the biases of our monetary policymakers appear to be in the other direction.  Inflation continues to be subdued, as this plot of one of the Fed's preferred measures, the "core" deflator for personal consumption expenditures, shows:
The red line is drawn at 2%.  Measures of expected inflation are also below 2%.  David Beckworth recently argued that the Fed is acting as if 2% is a ceiling, not a target - he suggests the Fed's behavior is consistent with it aiming to keep inflation between 1% and 2%. But the the Fed declared in 2012: "The Committee judges that inflation at the rate of 2 percent, as measured by the annual change in the price index for personal consumption expenditures, is most consistent over the longer run with the Federal Reserve's statutory mandate." If the goal is to "anchor" expectations at 2%, the Fed is at risk of failing, but the greater threat to its credibility seems to be too little inflation, not too much.

IMAGE: A cultivator tills the field. view more Credit: Dave Sandy, Penn State In the battle against weeds, tillage is one of the strongest weapons at the disposal of organic or ecologically based farmers. But, depending on when it is used, tillage can also be a strong driver of nitrogen losses that contribute to groundwater pollution, according to researchers in Penn State's College of Agricultural Sciences."We know that organic farming relies a good deal on tillage to manage weeds and to incorporate manure and cover crops into soils, and our research shows that this practice can pose environmental tradeoffs," said Denise Finney, postdoctoral scholar in the lab of Jason Kaye, associate professor of soil biogeochemistry. "Although it helps to reduce the use of chemicals, tillage -- especially fall tillage -- is an important driver of nitrogen dynamics and has potential environmental implications."In a study that spanned five years, Finney and her colleagues conducted intensive nitrogen monitoring in four different cropping systems designed to allow comparisons of soil nitrogen levels over time and under different organic management practices. Their results appear in an online preprint and will be published in the December 2015 issue of Ecological Applications, and may help growers make decisions that will reduce their nitrogen losses."Nitrogen is complicated," said Finney. "It's affected by variables we can't control, like temperature and moisture, and by management decisions that we make. Though we know a good deal about the impacts of these different variables on nitrogen availability and potential losses singularly, we wanted to understand how they interact in the field, particularly looking at organically managed systems."The researchers carried out their field-based experiment by implementing four cropping systems designed to replicate typical Pennsylvania organic feed and forage production systems. They differed from each other in terms of the cash crops and cover crops -- unharvested crops planted to provide benefits such as improved soil quality and weed control -- that were grown, the sequence in which they were grown, the timing and intensity of tillage operations and manure inputs.The researchers planted the first system with a sequence of cover crops during the first growing season and this system was conventionally tilled between each planting. For the next two years, they kept this system in a minimally tilled alfalfa cash crop.The second cropping system received a manure application and then a summer planting of sudangrass -- a cover crop -- that was tilled and followed by a fall fallow period. Like the first system, this one also was in minimally tilled alfalfa for the next two years.In the third cropping system, a cereal rye/hairy vetch cover crop sown the previous fall grew through the summer before being tilled. This system used a late summer tilled fallow to control the perennial weed, Canada thistle. In the fall, the researchers sowed rye, which over wintered and the researchers harvested it the following summer. This system then received a manure application before being planted in no-till corn.The fourth cropping system used a sequence of minimally tilled cover crops -- including buckwheat, rye and hairy vetch -- before the researchers planted corn that was managed with conventional tillage. This system also received manure before corn production.The variations between the four cropping systems allowed the researchers to observe how different management practices interact with climate variables to influence two key pieces of the nitrogen cycle: the amount of plant-available, or inorganic, nitrogen present in the soil throughout the growing season, and the amount of nitrate present in soil water below the plant-root zone. Inorganic nitrogen is the form of nitrogen that plants can absorb through their roots, and includes both ammonium and nitrate. While ammonium does not move readily through soils, nitrate does. Under certain conditions, nitrate may leach below the root zone and into the water table, where it acts as a pollutant.The researchers collected soil samples from the test fields every two weeks from March to November during each year of the study and analyzed them for inorganic nitrogen levels. They also used water-collecting devices during the first year of the study to sample water from below the root zone, measuring its nitrate content to gauge potential nitrate losses from the cropping systems.To analyze the vast amount of data collected over the course of the study -- including 2,300 soil samples, as well as daily air temperature, precipitation, and soil temperature measurements -- the researchers turned to a statistical method not typically used in agricultural research -- machine learning -- to determine how these numerous and complex variables interacted to affect soil nitrogen.Their results indicate that tillage was the most important driver of potential nitrogen loss across the four cropping systems, especially in late summer and early fall. When fall tillage was followed by a period of fallow, as is often the case in Pennsylvania, these late-season bursts of nitrogen were not captured by plant uptake and were vulnerable to leaching, said Finney, a point that has important implications for growers."We need to make sure we're making decisions about the timing of tillage operations with consideration to not only our weed management goals but also our nitrogen management goals. We know tillage is going to release nitrogen, so let's make sure we're following it with some means of recapturing that nitrogen," she said, adding that spring tillage can be beneficial to release nitrogen required to grow cash crops. Planting winter cover crops is a good strategy to capture nitrogen that may be released with fall tillage.While nutrient-management responsibilities ultimately rest with farmers, Finney feels there's also room for policy to play a role."I think it's interesting that, to my knowledge, our federal organic policies don't discuss tillage, but what we are seeing clearly here is that tillage has potential environmental implications," she said. ###
In addition to Finney and Kaye, Sara Eckert also contributed to this research.The USDA Risk Avoidance and Mitigation Program funded this research, which is part of a Penn State-led project, Weed Management, Environmental Quality, and Profitability In Organic Feed and Forage Production Systems. Finney received additional funding through the Pittsburgh chapter of the Achievement Rewards for College Scientists Foundation.

Inside My Advertising Pay, we will review the company, products offered and ways to profit with being involved. My Advertising Pay has been around since 2013 and is operated from its offices in Anguilla. MAPS has been growing leaps and bounds compared to competitors. My Advertising Pay is a debt free company and a profitable revenue distribution advertising platform that shares its profits every 20 minutes with all members whom have purchased a Credit Pack and clicked on 10 sites in the M.A.P Traffic Exchange. See more insights and experience from my personal friend, Michael Pursley. Message him on Facebook HERE. It's fun to see people passionate about what they do like Michael. My Advertising Pay Products One of the first things you do when looking at the products of My Advertising Pay is to get access to how they run their credit packs. This is how they run their advertising for the customers. It is the our core product and comes with 550 Regular Credits and 10 Credit Boosters, which amounts to text ad impressions within M.A.P.’s Traffic Exchange you can use to promote something else i.e. Business/Product/Service/Charity. The cost for one Credit Pack is$49.99. This product also has a profit-sharing element attached to it. Each Credit Pack you purchase will return you $60 over time. See more of how it works HERE.  How Profits Are Created in My Advertising Pay Like Michael says, you need to spend about 5 minutes or more a day clicking on ads. This must be done on a routine, or you will not see the profits with the credits. With my experience, it was hard for me to remember logging in each day for .55 to a dollar. This will get you more credits. Be aligned with a mentor to hold yourself accountable to get your daily tasks done in your business, especially if you have never had a business before. Get more of your questions answered on Michael's site HERE. Understanding your real goals, will help you manage your time and what kind of profits you have goals of in return. Aligning yourself with leaders like Michael will help you understand the real balance of being successful in your business. He will suggest that you start with a minimum of 10 credit packs so you can good return as one or two will be more difficult as it will take longer. Understand all the basics of how the company works and what the real potential is like: You must have at least $10 in your Available Account Balance for withdrawal. Withdrawal to STP is limited to $500 per week, per member. Withdrawal to VX Gateway is limited to $9,900 per day, per member. This can be requested to new limits as they are needed as well. Understanding what is possible will help you balance your goals and your mentor can guide you.  See My Advertising Pay presentation HERE. So do you need to recruit members to My Advertising Pay for higher profits? You do not have to refer anyone to make profits.  Yet, to really boost your profits, you'll see leaders leverage the referral program. You can also leverage by only bringing in referrals as well. This will really boost your income inside My Advertising Pay as you can earn up to an automatic 10% commission on the purchase price of any advertising product one of your referrals purchase (specific details are in your back office under Referral Program Details). All you have to do is introduce others to M.A.P. by using our excellent free tools found under the Promotion Center heading in the left column of your back office. Money earned will be instantly deposited into your Available Account Balance upon the purchase of a product made by one of your referrals. Repeated sales earn commissions too. Do the work once and get paid over and over again! You can position yourself in many ways with this advertising program. Obviously find referrals through their advertising program, and position yourself with an online presence. When you put the company first, people are not learning about you and the company has all of your hard work. So how do you do that? Present yourself as a leader and show people a unique way of what you have to offer before sending them a recommendation of the company you use. Many do this on their personal blogging platform which features more of their personal videos or images to show how they can help them in growing themselves and leveraging an online business. It really doesn't matter that you are an excellent blogger, it's more about showing you first and get others to know and like you before any company that you represent. Be sure to evaluate your personal goals and vision when you enter this site HERE.  Discover more ways to market yourself through content and social media live training and demonstrations when you enter HERE.  Tweet

Erica Maison gave her 14-year-old daughter Corey an unforgettable surprise when she presented her with the estrogen treatment Corey had been waiting 2.5 years for 
 
As a transgender girl, Corey had been waiting for paperwork from her therapist confirming she was ready to start hormone replacement therapy. Until this moment, she had no idea when she would actually be able receive the life-changing treatment 
 
Her mom was able to pick up the prescription when Corey was in school, so she hid the box in the couch to give her daughter, who had no idea what was happening. When Corey realized the moment she had been waiting for had finally arrived, she immediately teared up and went in for a hug. Read more... 
More about Health , Teens , Lgbt , Gender , and Watercooler

Red Sox start game strong but fall to Rays  
Boston Channel - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
Mikie Mahtook hit a two-run homer and Matt Moore recovered from a difficult start to strike out seven as the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Boston Red Sox 5-2 on Tuesday  ... 
   Sheriff Orange Whitey jumpsuit is fake  
Boston Channel - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
Watch the report "I find it unconscionable that anyone would seek to glorify this murderer," Plymouth County Sheriff Joe McDonald said.Phil Castinetti, owner of Sportsworld in Peabody,  ... 
   2 year old girl falls from third story window  
Boston Channel - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
An investigation is underway after a 2-year-old girl fell from a third story window in Chelsea Tuesday evening.The incident was reported around 6 p.m. at 216 Revere Beach Parkway.The  ... 
   Girlfriend of Boston mobster Whitey Bulger indicted for contempt  
Metro - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
The girlfriend of convicted Boston mobster James "Whitey" Bulger was indicted on Tuesday for contempt of court for refusing to testify about the couple's time in hiding, the  ... 
   Sandoval out with upper respiratory illness  
Boston Red Sox - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
Pablo Sandoval was sent home with what was then deemed an "illness," it was announced that he has been diagnosed with a significant upper respiratory illness.  ... 
   Owens takes good and bad from start vs. Rays  
Boston Red Sox - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
Henry Owens was cruising through his start on Wednesday, retiring the first 12 Tampa Bay Rays he faced on the night before things started to fall apart. Staked with an early 2-0 lead,  ... 
   Early runs Owens start not enough  
Boston Red Sox - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
Travis Shaw singled home two in the first against the Rays' left-hander, who came away with his second win of the season. MOMENTS THAT MATTERED Forsythe breaks Owens'  ... 
   Yogi Berra baseball Hall of Famer and New York Yankees catcher dies at 90  
The Guardian - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
player Yogi Berra, one of the most successful catchers of all time, has died at the age of 90, according to the Yogi Berra Museum. Berra was part of  ... 
   Sunday stab victim second teen killed in past 2 weeks in Eastie  
Boston Herald - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
A 15-year-old boy from Chelsea has been identified as the victim of a fatal stabbing Sunday in East Boston.Irvin Depaz of Chelsea was stabbed on Trenton Street about 5:11 p.m., police said.He was  ... 
   Greig looking at more time for not cooperating  
Boston Herald - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
Catherine Greig, the girlfriend of James "Whitey" Bulger - who has refused to tell a grand jury who helped the notorious mob boss and mass killer evade capture for so long - is facing  ... 
   Chang urges Hub take on ‘Friday Night Lights’  
Boston Herald - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
A Boston version of "Friday Night Lights" could be the answer to boosting parent participation in high school life by holding more city football games after sundown, said Mayor Martin J.  ... 
   Group launches drive to put pot question on ballot  
Boston Herald - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
BOSTON - Supporters of one of several proposals to legalize the recreational use of marijuana in Massachusetts say they have begun collecting signatures to put the question before voters on next  ... 
   Boston-area colleges youngest to oldest  
Boston.com - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
It isn't called America's college town for nothing. Here is a collection of colleges and universities in metropolitan Boston, starting with the  ... 
   Report ‘paints a bleak picture’ of the MBTA chairman says  
Boston.com - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
The Fiscal and Management Control Board’s Baseline Analysis and Progress to Date report, which can be read in full at the end of this article, says problems at the T are "are even more  ... 
   Apple bans walk-in purchases of the new iPhone 6s in New Hampshire three other states  
Boston.com - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
The new iPhone goes on sale this Friday at 8 a.m. But-depending on what state you live in-if you haven’t already made a reservation for one of the new phones, don’t bother waking up  ... 
   Police search for suspects after shooting on Huntington Ave  
Boston.com - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
The victim, described only as a "young male," was shot while coming out of a federal pre-release center near the 300 block of Huntington Avenue.   ... 
   Police investigating shooting near Northeastern University  
Boston.com - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
alert warning students to avoid the area, near 319 Huntington Avenue. However, Evans said the shooting had "nothing to do with the university."  ... 
   Collision at sea leaves one dead  
Boston.com - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
A 60-foot yacht collided with a 25-foot boat off the coast of southern Rhode Island Tuesday morning, causing the smaller vessel to capsize and leaving its sole occupant dead, according to  ... 
   Young farmers expand their crops in Concord Mass.  
Boston.com - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
Elena Colman and Karl Goethert of Crooked Row Fields in Concord are part of a wave of new farmers who appear to be stabilizing the state's farming industry after years of decline.  ... 
   Missing Massachusetts woman found dead in New Hampshire  
Boston.com - Wednesday 23rd September, 2015 
 
The missing Reading woman, whose car was found in Londonderry, New Hampshire with a body inside Tuesday, has been confirmed dead by the Middlesex District Attorney’s Office.  ...

Q: Our first, a girl, just turned three and has suddenly started throwing tantrums. She can begin a tantrum when she's alone in her room if something she's playing with doesn't do what she wants it to do. It's as if she is right on the edge of a tantrum all day long. We've started walking on eggshells around her as a result, and we realize we're giving in a lot just to keep the peace. We don't understand how such a happy baby and toddler has become such a malcontent. Nothing has changed in our family situation that might explain it. Can you? 

A: You're doing what all too many of today's parents tend to do: Instead of trying to solve a behavior problem, you're trying to figure out what has caused it. It's what I call "thinking psychologically." And because none of your theories concerning your daughter's tantrums can be either proven or disproven, you're becoming increasingly confused. The inevitable end result of this is a state I refer to as "disciplinary paralysis." As you confess, you don't know what to do, you're walking on eggshells, giving in to keep the peace. 

You're obviously an intelligent person. I shouldn't need to tell you that every time you shut down a tantrum by giving in, you make the problem that much worse. Short-term "solutions" make for long-term nightmares. 

Some children begin throwing tantrums when they're 12 months old; some don't start until they're three; but almost all children go through a phase during which they throw lots of tantrums. Why? Because they believe that what they want, they deserve to have. The "hump" of parenting is that of patiently, lovingly, but very firmly and steadfastly teaching a child that reality is not going to cooperate with that narcissistic fantasy. Parents who fail to get over that hump are in for a long haul down a hard road. And a child whose parents fail to get over that hump is in for a very rude awakening if not a very unhappy life. 

The very simple solution to your daughter's fits is known as the "tantrum place." First field-tested on my daughter Amy when she began throwing fits of pique at age three, it has since provided much-appreciated relief to many a parent. 

Tell your daughter that her temper tantrums are very special things and need a very special place. With Amy, we used a half-bathroom, but any relatively isolated place will do, even a rug. 

Say, "The new rule is that when you begin having a tantrum, you have to go to your new tantrum place. If you need help getting there, we will help you. You can scream as long and as loud as you want, but you can't come out until you stop." 

At first, she is probably going to come out of her tantrum place before her fit has completely run its course. In that event, just calmly put her back, reminding her of the new rule. 

The important thing is that you act resolutely so as to send the clear message that her outbursts are not going to determine how the world works. If you are purposeful, you should have a much calmer household in no time. 

(Visit family psychologist John Rosemond's website at www.johnrosemond.com.)

Brisbane Nova radios Ash Bradnam banned from driving over drink driving incident  
Daily Mail - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
From paddles to Pippin: Apple's attempts to take over the living room revealed as it prepares to unveil TV box that doubles as a games console - and can even switch on your lights  ... 
   New Queensland Chief Justice accepted role with some trepidation  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
QLD Queensland's new Chief Justice says she wants to be a calming influence on the state's fractured court system, hoping to make it unnewsworthy after a period of high tension.A  ... 
   More measles cases traced to University of Queensland  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Brisbane 4000 Another two people have been diagnosed with measles after an outbreak at the University of Queensland's (UQ) Brisbane campus, taking the total number to 10.Unlike  ... 
   $7m boost for Qld cancer patients to participate in clinical trials  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Brisbane 4000 Nearly 2,000 Queenslanders with cancer will have access to independent clinical trials, thanks to new funding worth $7 million over five years.The funds, from Queensland  ... 
   Fish wholesalers protest net fishing bans  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
North Rockhampton 4701 Ten fish wholesalers across Queensland have taken fresh, local fish off the menu for this week, in protest of imminent net fishing  ... 
   Sharks in shallow water to thrive despite climate change researchers say  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
QLD Sharks found in shallow, tropical waters around northern Australia are well placed to cope with climate change according to Queensland researchers.With scientists warning climate  ... 
   Herb cubes transform fresh food retail space  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Cairns 4870 In a retail environment where consumers are increasingly looking for quick and easy options, herb farmers Sebastian and Cyrene Torrisi have been forced to think outside the  ... 
   Conditions right for Gulf prawns  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Buyers in China and Japan snap up most of the seafood caught by the Gulf Bounty, a boat operating in the fishery.Its owner, Ron Earle, said Asian importers paid an average of $18 per kilogram for  ... 
   Only me and Clive knew executive outlines $1m pay deal  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Brisbane 4000 An executive who worked for Clive Palmer wrote him a "coded" document regarding his pay that only the two men would understand, the Supreme Court in Brisbane heard  ... 
   Dementia support advocate Christine Bryden prepares to fight own battle  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
spearheaded lobbying efforts for people with dementia for almost two decades, but she is preparing to take a step back from public life to fight her own battle  ... 
   Police go out on a limb to end Cairns park protest  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Cairns 4870 Police have admitted to using an undercover officer to help end a week-long protest at a Cairns park in far north Queensland.The Cairns Regional Council started chopping down  ... 
   Bush group beats funding crisis to keep doors open  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Bundaberg 4670 A Queensland rural economic development group says it has received two years worth of funding, which will prevent it from  ... 
   Outback Qld councils cite key cattle roads needing funding  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Richmond 4822 Nine north-west Queensland councils have come together to outline the roads, they believe, are vital to the northern cattle industry.Earlier this year, the Federal Government  ... 
   Queensland traffic controller killed on the job  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Ipswich 4305 A traffic controller has been hit by a car and killed at a roadworks site at Ipswich, west of Brisbane.The Queensland Ambulance Service (QAS) was called to the scene on  ... 
   $1.4b resort project in far north Queensland on hold  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Innisfail 4860 A $1.4 billion resort project at Ella Bay near Innisfail in far north Queensland remains stalled due to a lack of investors.Before the Aquis resort in Cairns was announced,  ... 
   More federal funds sought to tackle far north Qld pest ant  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Cairns 4870 Representatives from far north Queensland will meet federal Environment Minister Greg Hunt to discuss an invasive pest ant that is taking over the region's  ... 
   Decision on standardised trading hours in south-east Qld expected in November  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
QLD The National Retailers Association (NRA) says a decision on standardised trading hours across south-east Queensland should be made by the end of November.The NRA filed an application  ... 
   New Brisbane sign five letters closer to returning to South Bank  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
South Bank 4101 A replica of the popular BRISBANE sign, originally installed for the G20 Leaders' Summit last year, is nearly complete.Still to come are the letters I, N, and E after  ... 
   Drug charges laid after far north Qld bush festival  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Mutchilba 4872 More than 40 people have been charged with drug offences after a four-day bush festival in far north Queensland.The event, which ended yesterday, was held at Colliers Weir,  ... 
   Yeppoon residents get say on foreshore design  
ABC Australia - Tuesday 8th September, 2015 
 
Yeppoon 4703 Livingstone Shire Council in central Queensland has begun community consultation for its Yeppoon foreshore design.Members of the community are invited to view the designs on  ...

tTwo Saturdays ago I got a call from my wife while I was teaching. She said that somebody had driven into our fence with their car and then drove away. It was during one of hose heavy downpours of rain we had. Her mother (my mother-in-law) heard it. It was a terrible noise. She looked out the window and saw the car. It was white. But that was all she could see. My wife called the police and made a report. When I came home that night I saw that we were very lucky. Our car was parked in the driveway right next to the fence. But, only the fence was damaged. We wondered what we could do. Later, my wife told me that we had insurance. It covers natural disasters such as earthquakes, fires and floods. It also covers accidents such as this one. Lucky us! We called them and they said to send pictures and a copy of the police report and they will pay. We were very relieved. We thought we might have to pay. And everything was fine until the culprit (the person who did the bad deed) showed up (appeared) at our  door day three days later. To be continued.

Skip Public Info MenusPublic Info MenuPublic InformationPress RoomPress Room ArchivesPress Room Archives:2014201320122011201020092008200720062005200420032002200120001999News and InformationNews and Information ArchivesNews and Information Archives:201420132012201120102009Statements, Speeches, and TestimoniesNSA Video TranscriptsFreedom of Information ActSubmit a FOIA RequestSubmit a Privacy Act RequestReading RoomFrequently Requested InformationRelated LinksDeclassification and TransparencyDigital Media CenterNSA Careers Research Information AssurancePrepublication ReviewWhat's New on NSA.govNews ArchivesContact InformationSkip Search BoxSearchbox17 September 2015
For further information contact:
NSA Public and Media Affairs, 301-688-6524NSA/CSS Employees Reaffirm Their Oath to the Constitution
ADM Mike Rogers (l), Commander, U.S. Cyber Command/Director, National Security Agency/ Chief, Central Security Service (NSA/CSS), leads the NSA/CSS workforce in reciting the Oath of Office. He is accompanied by (l-r) NSA Deputy Director Rick Ledgett, NSA Executive Director Corin Stone, and CSS Deputy Chief Maj Gen John Bansemer.Military and civilian employees of the National Security Agency/Central Security Service (NSA/CSS) gathered at the agency's Memorial Wall on September 11, 2015 - Patriot Day - to collectively recite the Oath of Office, reaffirming their commitment to the Constitution and to the safety, security, and liberty of the American people. Click here to see the video.Led by ADM Michael S. Rogers, Commander, U.S. Cyber Command/Director, NSA/Chief, CSS, the participants in the ceremony rededicated themselves to the defense of the nation and the values enshrined in our nation's founding documents.Members of the NSA/CSS workforce recite the Oath of Office on Patriot Day, September 11, 2015.The event began with a moment of silence at 8:46 a.m., the time when the first plane hit the World Trade Center in New York City on Sept. 11, 2001. ADM Rogers then invited the workforce to join him in reaffirming their oath, which is officially known as the Oath of Office."In assuming these responsibilities, the nation is counting on us," he said.All federal employees must take an oath to the Constitution, promising to defend it and all for which America stands. This commitment is the very foundation of the agency's mission. Moreover, NSA is a unique national asset because of its talented workforce, many of whom have made the ultimate sacrifice for the United States. Historical Document | Date Posted: Sept 17, 2015 

It's a match made in TV heaven! Former Bachelorette  Ali Fedotowsky and TV and radio personality Kevin Manno are engaged. The pair announced their happy news via social media on Thursday. The couple have been dating since April 2013. Fedotowsky wrote on her blog that she literally "screamed yes" when he asked her. "He proposed yesterday and we had the most beautiful, magical day with our closest friends and can't wait to celebrate with family back home," she wrote on Thursday morning in a post titled, "We're ENGAGED!!!" Fall TV preview: 2015's must-watch shows She posted a photo of her retina-searing rock on Instagram. Manno posted a photo prominently featuring the ring as well, joking, "It's true! We got a selfie stick!" Page 2 of 2 - He was a bit less coy on Twitter, posting, "I put a ring on it," and tagging the future Mrs. Manno. 
I put a ring on it. @AliFedotowsky — Kevin Manno (@KevinManno) September 3, 2015 
Previously, Fedotowsky had selected Roberto Martinez as her one true love on The Bachelorette . The two split a year later. WATCH: Ali Fedotowsky is engaged to longtime love Kevin Manno Other Links From TVGuide.com

You can learn a lot by eavesdropping on the train. I’ve stumbled onto ideas for columns, broadened my understanding of diversity, economics and myriad other topics, not to mention made new friends. 
 
Recently, a couple of those new friends — a husband and wife counseling team — were discussing the husband’s plan for an upcoming men’s church retreat. He was complaining mildly that participants’ desire to relax wasn’t right. He felt they should do something more useful with the time by planning an enrichment event for young men in the church, for example. But if rest and relaxation were paramount, they should at least choose a black-owned venue. 
 
He’d even found one — one that his cohorts weren’t pleased with because the price for the bed and breakfast was $50 more per night than the next comparable option that was not black-owned. 
 
Why is that so important, I asked? I knew the likely answer, but my news nose was tingling. 
 
He went on to talk about the need for economic parity and promoting economic growth among black people, which he felt is just as if not even more important than building up a church community. He and his wife peppered our discussion with historical references: The black community was stronger in the 1920s and ’30s when it was segregated and we were forced to rely on black businesses to survive; in the 1960s and ’70s, black people had vision. They understood the bigger picture and why it was critical to “buy black” lest those valuable dollars continue to flee our community, leaving behind substandard goods and services at markedly higher prices. 
 
That’s all well and good, but there’s a reason why I don’t buy black. I’m willing to pay a higher price to support the community, but what I don’t support, I told my new train friend, is bad service, shoddy retail space and poor product selections. 
 
To defend my decisions, I described a vivid and repetitive scene featuring apathetic store clerks and me, walking in ready to plunk down my hard-earned dollars for whatever was suitable, and being stared at as if to say, “Why are you here?” My new acquaintance agreed, but then he began to talk about awareness. 
 
Those clerks, he said, were operating from a deficit. They did not know how to behave toward customers. “The clerk doesn’t know he or she should speak to me and look engaged when I come into the store?” I asked skeptically. That’s Business Operations 101. 
 
He nodded solemnly. Those clerks and the business owners who employ them likely have not been groomed to engage customers correctly. The breakdown, he said, between vision and community created a vast knowledge gap that is slowly but surely crippling black business. 
 
I considered this in light of what I know about the power of mentorship and sponsorship, the need to reach back and pull forward those who may not have had the same start, but still need to compete on the same field. Then I considered my new friend’s words in light of what I’ve learned about supplier diversity. This year, we made the decision to feature at least one story on the topic in every issue. If my new train friend’s conversation was any indication, we were more on target than I realized. 
 
Black communities are woefully short on black-owned businesses. This relates to the economic health and growth of our particular demographic. If consumers like me don’t buy black because of bad service, and bad service is related to lack of awareness, knowledge and skills, it’s more important than ever that corporate supplier diversity programs offer minority business owners the training they may need to compete effectively, expand their businesses and contribute to the economic health of the community. 
 
Check out our feature “In Short Supply” to learn more about what companies like Kroger and Walgreens are doing to ensure their supplier diversity programs work. And be sure to let me know what practices you’ve observed at work or believe should be a part of supplier diversity programs. It’s worth examining closely. Companies, communities and families may depend on it.

Flood Warning issued September 3 at 9:57PM EDT expiring September 4 at 10:57AM EDT in effect for: DeSoto 
 
Flood Warning issued September 3 at 9:57PM EDT expiring September 6 at 8:00AM EDT in effect for: DeSoto 
 
Flood Warning issued September 3 at 9:57PM EDT expiring September 8 at 2:00PM EDT in effect for: Hernando, Pasco 
 
Flood Warning issued September 3 at 9:57PM EDT expiring September 4 at 10:57AM EDT in effect for: Pasco 
 
Flood Warning issued September 3 at 9:57PM EDT expiring September 4 at 10:57AM EDT in effect for: Sarasota

THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Uber has recently launched its services in the capital city, along with Guwahati, Nashik and Vadodara-taking the total to 22 cities in India. 

Apart from these 4 cities, Uber runs its services in Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Bhubaneswar, Chandigarh, Chennai, Coimbatore, Hyderabad, Indore, Jaipur, Kochi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Mysore, Nagpur, New Delhi, Pune, Surat and Visakhapatnam. Launched in 2009 Uber is a ridesharing service based in San Francisco. 

Uber connects passengers to a background-checked driver via a smartphone app.               

Back in the day, Jeff Renz helped pour cement for the M on Mount Sentinel. 

More recently, the law professor had students argue before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. 

Renz, a longtime professor at the Alexander Blewett III School of Law at the University of Montana, came to Missoula in 1967. He studied forestry, got a degree in botany, and eventually received a law degree from UM. 

After 14 years in private practice, including several working on high-profile environmental cases for a firm based in Chicago, Renz returned to the law school at UM to teach. He's been on an annual contract since 1993. 

At the end of this semester, the teacher and director of the criminal defense clinic will retire. His departure is linked to the budget crunch at UM, and he appears to be the only contracted professor whose annual employment isn't being renewed because of money. 

In a letter to colleagues this summer, Renz announced his departure. 

"The university's notice comes as a great disappointment to me for many reasons," Renz wrote. "Many of you were my former students. Many of my former students became prosecutors and now sit as judges. 

"I have always found joy in my students' growth from unsure to confident, from arrogant to humble (most of the time), and from ignorance to enlightenment. I will miss that." 

*** 

The cut at the law school comes despite the fact it is on solid financial footing and steady enrollment, Renz said. 

"The law school has never had budget issues. We've always sent money to Main Hall, and still have been doing that," he said. 

Enrollment at the law school also has not dropped, he said. In fact, he said, as other law schools across the country saw significant drops in the quality of applicants, such as lower GPA and LSAT scores, the rankings ticked up at UM. 

He said the law school in Missoula was recently one of just four that counted an increase in the number of applicants. 

But the overall enrollment numbers at UM have been in decline. 

"So when that happens, the university calls back money from units," Renz said. "And we'd been doing our fair share from year to year, and this past year, the provost called back a little bit more, and it was a little bit more than the school could bear without making cuts in the program." 

In his letter to colleagues, he offered a stark description of the effects of the four-year dip: "The university cut fat, then more fat, then meat, and now we are down to the bone. I am not the first full-time faculty member to be rif'd (reduction in force), but I am the first full-time member of the law faculty upon whom the ax has fallen." 

*** 

Dean Paul Kirgis, who came on board this summer, agreed the law school was doing well financially. 

He said it continues to receive a steady stream of applications in contrast to the roughly 45 percent drop in law school applicants around the country. 

However, Kirgis said the overall financial picture at UM affects the law school. He said he wasn't part of the negotiation with Renz, but said the agreement came about because of the university-wide need for budget restraint. 

"We are not facing an ongoing budget crisis in the law school, and we have no expectation that we will ... going forward," Kirgis said. 

He said the law school did not make other personnel cuts as a result of the budget crunch. 

*** 

Last semester, the school received a $10 million naming gift from the Blewett family of Great Falls. However, Renz said in his letter the money that could fund his position wouldn't be available for several years. 

"It's sort of ironic, but it's understandable," Renz said. 

He also said that his position as a contracted professor made him vulnerable, although he himself had recommended his job be designed that way years ago. 

"In terms of budget, I was always low-hanging fruit," Renz said. 

His end date will be Feb. 29. He said the school didn't give him adequate notice of one semester, so he and the former interim dean worked out a deal. 
 
The agreement gives Renz the upcoming semester to work on his own research, which he will do in Berkeley, California, where his wife will be for a Fulbright award. In exchange, he said, UM avoids paying some three or four months of salary. 

"It was a good compromise," Renz said. 

He had planned to retire after this school year or next, regardless: "So it was not an emotional hit for me." 

*** 

Elaine Gagliardi, associate dean of students and professor at the law school, has worked with Renz for roughly 20 years. 

"I have great respect for professor Renz, and I've seen him add a lot to our program," Gagliardi said. "And he has always had very interesting clinic projects that I know have made a difference in a lot of people's lives." 

As part of the criminal defense clinic, "a live client program," Renz guided students as they represented their first defendants. The law school clinic offers the future lawyers real-world experience. 

"This is your client. You will learn to swim," Renz said of his approach. "I will be there helping you. Last year, I had students try four cases to a verdict, and they won three of them." 

Every year, his students argue in the Ninth Circuit, "and they do great. It's phenomenal for the experience. Just for having done it." 

In fact, he said, the students are the highlight of the years he spent at the law school. It was satisfying to see them grow and excel, he said, and rewarding to see them become seasoned professionals. 

The parting was sometimes painful, though. 

"About every three years, I get a class where I literally grieve when they graduate," Renz said. 

The professor has had other career successes beyond campus. A couple years ago, he was the recipient of a Fulbright, which took him to the country of Georgia. 

He also worked with former School of Journalism professor Clem Work on seeking posthumous pardons for people convicted of sedition. Gov. Brian Schweitzer signed the proclamation of pardons in Helena in 2006, with many families of those convicted in attendance. 

"That was very satisfying. We persuaded the governor to pardon all these people from World War I," Renz said.

Windy weather is limiting visibility throughout northern Utah, but rather than bringing in haze from Pacific Northwest wildfires  as happened in August, the south winds are kicking up dust. 

	


    


	 
The National Weather Service issued  a hazardous weather statement at 2:59 p.m. Friday, Sept. 4, related to the windy weather. According to the statement, hazardous travel conditions have developed with areas of reduced visibility due to the blowing dust. 

	


    


	 
Additionally, critical fire weather conditions have also developed because of gusty winds and low humidity, according to the statement. An earlier fire warning said the Salt Lake Desert, Utah West Desert, Color Country West Desert and Mojave Desert were at risk for fires. 

	


    


	 
The National Weather Service forecasts  winds of 20-30 mph in the Cache Valley and along the northern Wasatch Front on Saturday between 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Gusts reaching 50 mph may also develop, and the windy weather may be dangerous for driving on roads and boating on lakes in the area.  

	


    
    	
        
    


	 
Contact reporter Taylor Hintz at 801-625-4231 or thintz@standard.net. Follow on Twitter @TaylorHintz .

An estranged father tracked down his seven-year-old daughter and shot her in the head on her doorstep before turning the gun on himself, an inquest has heard. 
 
East Sussex coroner Alan Craze described the murder outside a "safe house" as a "thoroughly despicable act of violence" and said: "It was not in any way spontaneous. It was pre-meditated over a long period of time." 
 
Mary Shipstone, also known as Maryam Alromisse, was gunned down as she stood next to her mother, clutching a new violin, after she returned from school on September 11 last year, Hastings Coroner's Court was told. 
 
Her father, Yasser Alromisse, 46, was hidden in the rear of a silver Toyota on the drive by the house, in Northiam, near Rye, East Sussex, when he fired the shots. 
 
The attack took place at Spring Hill, where Mary had lived with her mother Lyndsey Shipstone, for the past year.  She did not want be traced by Alromisse after the collapse of their marriage, which she said had been abusive. 
 
Alromisse had hired the vehicle that morning in Worthing, insisting to rental staff that he needed one with tinted windows, and had created a blind from bin bags to shield himself, the hearing was told. 
 
His body was later found in a pool of blood in the rear of the car, where he had shot himself in the head. 
 
Mr Craze concluded that Mary had been unlawfully killed, and ruled her father's death as suicide. 
 
The court heard how Alromisse had hired private detective Paul Parton, purporting to be a friend of his ex-wife, in May 2014 to try and establish the location of Mrs Shipstone, who he was still legally married to. 
 
Mr Parton was unable to locate Mrs Shipstone and later withdrew his services concerned Alromisse's motive was to take away the child. 
   Promoted stories   
Coroner Mr Craze said it was not clear how Alromisse eventually found the address, but described the murder as a "thoroughly despicable act of violence". 
 
He added: "It was not in any way spontaneous. It was pre-meditated over a long period of time." 
 
Describing the day of the shooting, Mrs Shipstone said it had been "ordinary", but that Mary was "very happy" and "excited" about her birthday in seven days' time. 
 
She had been driven by a neighbour to collect Mary from school where she had had her first violin lesson. They parked up at their neighbour's and walked back towards their house. 
 
Mrs Shipstone told the court: "I was putting my key in the door, and I spoke to Mary, saying she'd like what I had done to her room, and that's the last thing I said to her." 
 
Mary was stood slightly behind her when she heard a loud noise. 
 
She said: "There was a terrific sound behind me like someone had burst a balloon. 
 
"I turned around and the first thing I saw was Mary on the ground - her legs were crumpled behind her." 
 
She said she quickly realised that her ex-partner had shot Mary, saying she could "see his face" in the back seat of the Toyota parked on the nearby drive. 
 
She told the inquest: "He did not show any emotion." 
 
Mrs Shipstone carried Mary to a neighbour's home, where they tried to revive her while waiting for emergency services to arrive.  She was taken to King's College Hospital, London, but later died of her injuries. 
 
Asked why Alromisse would have wanted to kill Mary, Mrs Shipstone replied: "I don't think I will ever really know that. 
 
"It was such an extreme thing to do. I can only guess that he wanted to kill himself and for some reason he thought that she should not live without him." 
 
She added: "He had the opportunity to shoot me as well, but he chose not to do it, and I was the one he supposedly hated the most. 
 
"It's an act of revenge really. It's got to be. If he really loved her he would never have inflicted that on her." 
 
Mrs Shipstone told the court: "He's left me bereft of a daughter". 
 
Mr Craze described it as a "very sad and tragic case". 
 
Speaking to Mrs Shipstone after reaching his conclusion, he said: "You will, I hope, be relieved that the whole process of the coroner's inquest is over with. 
   
 Share article  
   
"You have got through it and I hope that the process will be deemed useful to you. 
 
"But the main thing is you can put a full stop at the end of this chapter and get on with your life."

By Mary Beth Gahan 
The Virginian-Pilot 
© September 1, 2015 
CHESAPEAKE 
 
City leaders will hear concerns and comments of residents at tonight's town hall meeting at Joliff Middle School in Western Branch. 
 
The event, which begins at 7 p.m., is open to residents of all areas of the city. There is no requirement for the number of council members who must be at the meeting, but most are usually in attendance. 
 
City staff post responses to comments from the meeting on the city's website within 30 days. 

Houston AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Altuve 2b 5 0 0 0 0 2 .312 Springer rf 3 1 2 1 0 1 .264 Correa ss 4 0 1 0 0 0 .281 Gattis dh 3 1 1 1 1 0 .246 Lowrie 3b 4 0 1 0 0 1 .227 Ma.Gonzalez lf 2 0 0 0 0 0 .273 a-Valbuena ph-1b 2 0 1 0 0 0 .214 2-Villar pr 0 0 0 0 0 0 .277 M.Duffy 1b 0 0 0 0 0 0 .333 Carter 1b 2 1 1 1 1 1 .196 C.Gomez cf 0 0 0 0 0 0 .234 J.Castro c 4 0 0 0 0 4 .211 Marisnick cf-lf 2 0 0 0 1 0 .236 Totals 31 3 7 3 3 9 Seattle AB R H BI BB SO Avg. K.Marte ss 4 1 1 1 0 1 .281 K.Seager 3b 3 1 0 0 1 1 .270 N.Cruz dh 4 0 0 0 0 4 .304 Cano 2b 4 0 2 0 0 1 .282 Trumbo rf 2 0 1 1 1 1 .263 1-J.Jones pr-cf 0 0 0 0 0 0 .120 S.Smith lf 3 0 0 0 0 2 .247 Morrison 1b 3 0 0 0 0 1 .224 B.Miller cf-rf 3 0 0 0 0 1 .255 Sucre c 2 0 0 0 0 0 .125 b-O'Malley ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .286 J.Hicks c 0 0 0 0 0 0 .069 Totals 29 2 4 2 2 12 Houston 200 000 100—3 7 0 Seattle 100 001 000—2 4 0  
a-flied out for Ma.Gonzalez in the 7th. b-flied out for Sucre in the 8th. 

1-ran for Trumbo in the 7th. 2-ran for Valbuena in the 9th. 

LOB_Houston 7, Seattle 2. 2B_Springer (16), Valbuena (15). HR_Springer (15), off Elias; Gattis (27), off Elias; Carter (23), off Farquhar; K.Marte (2), off McCullers. RBIs_Springer (38), Gattis (87), Carter (59), K.Marte (16), Trumbo (41). CS_Marisnick (9), J.Jones (1). S_C.Gomez. 

Runners left in scoring position_Houston 3 (Lowrie 2, Altuve); Seattle 1 (S.Smith). RISP_Houston 1 for 4; Seattle 1 for 2. 

GIDP_S.Smith. 

DP_Houston 1 (Altuve, Correa, Carter); Seattle 2 (Sucre, Sucre, Cano), (Morrison). 
Houston IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA McCullers W, 6-7 6 4 2 2 2 7 103 3.21 Sipp H, 13 2 0 0 0 0 2 18 2.06 O.Perez H, 2 1-3 0 0 0 0 1 3 6.97 Gregerson S, 30-35 2-3 0 0 0 0 2 7 3.20 Seattle IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Elias 6 3 2 2 2 5 100 3.89 Farquhar L, 1-6 1 1 1 1 0 1 16 4.98 Zych 1 2 0 0 1 2 21 3.55 Beimel 2-3 1 0 0 0 1 10 4.26 Guaipe 1-3 0 0 0 0 0 7 5.32  
McCullers pitched to 1 batter in the 7th. 

Inherited runners-scored_Sipp 1-0, Guaipe 1-0. HBP_by Guaipe (Marisnick), by Elias (Springer). 

Umpires_Home, Jordan Baker; First, Paul Emmel; Second, Andy Fletcher; Third, Jerry Meals. 

T_2:55. A_13,935 (47,574).

Add two more De Anza League wins for the Big Bear High School girls golf team. The Lady Bears defeated Desert Hot Springs 286-333 Sept. 24. Junior Ashley Walton recorded her third straight sub-50 score to lead Big Bear with a 48. Freshman Elizabeth Huefner added a 53 and senior Selena Erosa chipped in with a 57. Other scores for Big Bear included a 61 from freshman McKenzie Lawrence, and 67s by freshmen Liberty Gallegos and Morgan Schetter. 

The Lady Bears also got a win over Desert Mirage by forfeit in what was a three-way league match on Sept. 24 in Desert Hot Springs. Desert Mirage did not field the necessary five players to record a team score. 
  
With the wins, Big Bear improves to 4-0 in De Anza League play and are 5-3 on the season. The Lady Bears are at Rancho Mirage Thursday, Oct. 1.

Meadow Walker honored her late father Paul Walker on Saturday in an inspiring way. Meadow posted a photo of Paul holding her as a child on what would have been the Fast and Furious star's 42nd birthday. In the caption, Meadow revealed that she would celebrate the memory of her father, who died in a car crash in 2013, by founding the Paul Walker Foundation , an organization that aims to protect the oceans and provide grants and scholarships to marine science students and researchers. "I wanted to start this foundation because I want to share that piece of him with the world," Meadow wrote. Other Links From TVGuide.com

JERUSALEM, Sept 21 (NNN-XINHUA) - Israel has deployed two anti-missile batteries near the south, after rocket fire from the Gaza Strip over the weekend, fearing a security escalation, Israeli media reported. 

The two Iron Dome anti-missile batteries were deployed near the southern towns of Sderot and Netivot, following last week's rocket barrages to shield against more possible rockets, the Walla! news website reported. 

On Friday evening, several rockets were fired from the Gaza Strip enclave, towards the southern town of Sderot and the coastal town of Ashkelon. One rocket exploded near a house in Sderot and damaged a vehicle, but no injuries were reported. 

In response, Israel air-raided several targets in the Gaza Strip before dawn on Saturday. Palestinian media outlets reported no injuries in the attack. 

Last week Israel deployed an anti-missile battery near the town of Ashdod, 32 km south of Tel Aviv and 30 km north of the Gaza Strip. The move was made a day after the Israeli authorities arrested Mohammad Allan, a high-profile Palestinian prisoner who went on a two-month hunger strike. 

Allan started the hunger strike in June to protest his administrative detention, a security-related incarceration without trial that can be extended every six month. 

Israel's Supreme Court ordered his release after he was on the brink of death, which triggered violent protests outside his hospital. 

He was released last week, but the Israeli police arrested him shortly after and placed him once again under administrative detention. 

More than 5,000 Palestinian prisoners are now in Israeli jails, many in administrative detention. They are seen as freedom fighters by those who have been living under Israeli occupation since the 1967 Mideast War. 

The rocket attacks are also believed to be connected to the escalating security situation in Jerusalem, specifically surrounding the flashpoint site of Temple Mount/Al-Aqsa Mosque, east of the city. 

The site is holy to both Jews and Muslims. According to the peace treaty between Israel and Jordan in 1994, Jews are allowed to visit, but not allowed to pray at the site. 

Intense clashes broke out last week between Palestinian protesters and Israeli security services, following the visit by an Israeli minister and other right-wing activists to the temple, and after Israeli Defence Minister, Moshe Ya'alon, outlawed two Muslim groups from Jerusalem. 

Dozens of Israeli policemen and Palestinian protesters were lightly injured and over 30 Palestinians arrested between Sunday and Tuesday last week. 

Palestinians charged that Israel is trying to take over the site, which have roused waves of outrage throughout Muslim countries worldwide. 

Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, told UN Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon, last week that, Israel is planning to keep the status quo at the site. 

Israel blamed the "Palestinian incitement" for the growing violence in the city, announcing harsher measures to fight Palestinian rock throwers, including allowing police in Jerusalem to use live sniper fire to disperse riots, harshening sentences for convicted stone throwers and fining the parents of stone-throwing youths.-- NNN-XINHUA

Manny P. here… 
 
   Yogi Berra (right)  was the Baseball Hall of Fame catcher renowned as much for his malapropisms as his record ten World Series championships with the New York Yankees . He helped the team reach it 14 times  during his 18 seasons in the Bronx, playing in more  Fall Classic games than any other major leaguer; and was a three-time American League Most Valuable Player . But, his name appears almost as often in Bartlett’s Famous Quotations as it does in baseball’s record book. 
 
   In 1943, his first professional season with the Yankees’ farm team in Norfolk, Va., was interrupted by World War II. He joined the Navy, and later served on a gunboat supporting the D-Day invasion. 
 
    Berra played for the Yankees from 1949-65. His teammates included fellow Hall of Famers Joe DiMaggio, Mickey Mantle, and Whitey Ford. In 1956, he caught the only perfect game in World Series history and after the last out, he leaped into pitcher Don Larsen’s arms. The moment was captured in photographs, published in newspapers around the world. Berra, who played in 15 straight All-Star Games , never earned more than $65,000 a season. 
 
   After he retired, Berra coached or managed the Yankees, New York Mets , and Houston Astros . He led both the Yankees and the Mets to pennants. In 1985, his firing as manager by the Yankees 16 games into the season sparked a feud with George Steinbrenner. Berra vowed never to return to Yankee Stadium as long as Steinbrenner owned the team. He finally relented, throwing out the ceremonial first pitch of the Yankees’ season-opening game in 1999. 
 
   Berra published three books: his autobiography in 1961, It Ain’t Over… in 1989, and The Yogi Book: I Really Didn’t Say Everything I Said  in 1998. The last made the New York Times’  Best Seller list. In 1996, Berra was awarded an honorary doctorate from the state university in Montclair, N.J., where he and his family lived. The university also named its baseball stadium for Berra. The adjoining Yogi Berra Museum opened two years later. The museum houses Berra memorabilia, including what he said was his most prized possession, the mitt he used to catch Larsen’s perfect game. 
 
    He was a fan favorite, especially with kids, and the cartoon character Yogi Bear was named after him. He recently delighted television viewers by bringing his malapropisms to a commercial with the AFLAC duck. 
 
Yogi Berra was an American original. He was 90. 
 
Until next time>                       “never forget”

That Podcast, hosted by PHP community members Beau Simensen and Dave Marshall has posted their latest episode today - Episode #22: The one where we're in London again (...because it is symfony live London time again!). Beau and Dave get together at Symfony Live London for a quick catch up and chat with Matthias Noback. Sorry about audio quality, there's a bit of mic handling and swapping going on as we're out on location! Topics mentioned include: the Hexagonal Architecture Training PHPNW 15 Box UK PHP & Symfony - Matthias Noback You can listen to this latest episode either through the in-page audio player or by downloading the mp3 directly. Be sure to subscribe to their feed or follow them on Twitter for more information about the latest episodes as they're released.

SOURCE Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada 

TORONTO 

Company: Canacol Energy Ltd. 

TSX Symbol: CNE (all issues)

Reason: Dissemination

Halt Time (ET): 1:37 PM

IIROC can make a decision to impose a temporary suspension (halt) of trading in a security of a publicly-listed company. Trading halts are implemented to ensure a fair and orderly market. IIROC is the national self-regulatory organization which oversees all investment dealers and trading activity on debt and equity marketplaces in Canada 

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

Posted Wednesday, September 16th 2015 @ 1pm  by Michael Harthorne,  Newser Staff 
 

 
( NEWSER ) – After seven seasons and more than 3,500 competitors, we finally have an American Ninja Warrior champion, and he's a busboy. In fairness, 33-year-old Isaac Caldiero is also a professional rock climber and American Ninja Warrior fanatic who built a replica of part of the reality show's obstacle course in his backyard, the  Hollywood Reporter  notes. 
 
No one had ever completed the competition's third stage to reach the fourth and final stage—a 75-foot rope climb—until both Caldiero and fellow competitor Geoff Britten did so in yesterday's Las Vegas finale, according to the  Denver Post . Both men actually bested the fourth stage, but Caldiero did it three seconds quicker to claim the $1 million prize. 
 
[embedded content] 
 
Read the full story on Newser.com

PRWeb 
Today, Solver named SBS Group as the US 2015 BI360 Partner of the Year. Solver honored their top partners for demonstrating significant customer impact by delivering the BI360 Suite to help customers optimize their performance management processes. 

Solver honored 4 companies for their achievements in 2015, across various partner categories both globally and regionally. Over 200 partners worldwide were measured, and in order to qualify for the awards, they needd to achieve the top 2015 sales volume in their award category. 
   
"We are especially excited to announce and recognize our top-achieving partners both in the U.S. and abroad, as 2015 was deemed our Year of the Partner," said Nils Rasmussen, Solver CEO. "Our strong partner channel is the main reason we are expanding internationally, faster than ever. BI360's success has everything to do with the partner relationships we have built along with committed, hard-working product experts. On behalf of Solver's global family, I would like to congratulate and thank our award winners for their achievements in 2015 and for their continued dedication and support of Solver and the BI360 product suite." 

"We are honored to be named Solver's US 2015 Partner of the Year. This is our second consecutive year receiving this award. Our technology partners offer a broad set of innovative solutions and measurable results for our customers and our relationship with Solver has added tremendous value for our company and our customers, with numerous active projects in progress," commented James R. Bowman, Jr., President and CEO of SBS Group. "We look forward to continuing to innovate and collaborate with Solver in 2016 and beyond." 

Solver honored 4 companies for their achievements in 2015, across various partner categories both globally and regionally. Over 200 patners worldwide were measuerd, and in orer to qualify for the awards, they needd to achieve the top2 015 sales volume in their award category. 

About SBS Group 
SBS Group is a national Microsoft master VAR (Value Added Reseller) with Gold level competency in enterprise resource planning (ERP) and customer relationship management (CRM). Over the past 25 years, they have been recognized as Microsoft Partner of the Year, Inner Circle Member and Microsoft President's Club member multiple times. The company is headquartered in Edison, New Jersey and operates offices across North America. For more information, please visit SBS Group's website at http://www.sbsgroupusa.com . Follow us on LinkedIn at http://www.linkedin.com/company/sbs-group , on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/sbsgroup and find us on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/SBSGroupUSA . 

About Solver 
Solver provides BI360, the leading Business Intelligence suite for Microsoft Dynamics AX, GP, NAV, SL, Sage 300, Sage 500, Sage X3, SAP Business One, Intacct, Acumatica, and other ERP systems. Solver is a Microsoft Gold ISV Partner and the winner of the Microsoft BI Partner of the Year Award and has a presence on the Gartner Group CPM Magic Quadrant. BI360 is sold through a world-wide network of resellers and is ideal for companies looking to find a user friendly, yet highly functional Reporting, Budgeting, Dashboard, and Data Warehouse solution to give them deep insight and actionable information across all facets of their organization. For any questions, visit Solver's website or contact Solver at info(at)solverusa(dot)com 

Read the full story at http://www.prweb.com/releases/2015/09/prweb12974428.htm 
PRWeb.com

For those outside the inner sanctum of the racing industry who are perplexed at the mileage the Peter Moody saga has gained this week or, for that matter, the past few months, the answer is simple: an unrelenting media cheer squad. 

Even those removed from the sport can see by his poor-taste rants that Moody is slowly unravelling. Whichever way he manoeuvres the question remains: how did Lidari arrive at Flemington with double the threshold levels of cobalt in its system? 

But the media cheer squad continue to skirt around the clear realities of the case. 

For the third time this week, Moody threatened to resign from racing. He's threatened to move to Darwin, talked about a pub in Queensland and, for all we know, by Saturday night he may be looking at a convenience store in Papua New Guinea. 

He has 110 of some of the most expensive racehorses in Australia housed at his Caulfield base. His winning strike-rate has not altered, nor has his client base deserted him since Lidari's swab earlier this year. 

But his trusting media contingency was shown at their very best this week, as they gave Moody more oxygen to explain why the world is against him. 

You see, it's a one-way deal. Moody is a man not to fall out with, so the premiership-winning trainer has polarised the media. 

The height of the pro-Moody campaign was achieved by a News Limited reporter — who had been barred off and on from the Moody stable over the past decade — who even checked out how the trainer was faring the night of his now-infamous race-day treatment at Pakenham. 

The reporter went on to say Moody had arrived home to find the family gone out for the night and he had to manage on scraps and a few beers and their faithful dog for company. 

However, worse was to come. On Memsie Stakes day at Caulfield, at the start of the meeting, former AFL clerk and racing tipster Shane Anderson mournfully announced after Moody had won the opening race that the trainer would not speak to the media for the remainder of the day as he was under pressure over the cobalt matter. 

This message went out to the newly-launched Channel 78 viewers plus  racing.com . 

Anderson, the day before Memsie Stakes day, had given Moody 20 minutes of air time to tell his sad-and-sorry story. The only challenging question from Anderson was: "Do you mind if we go for a commercial break?" 

During this interview Moody challenged the industry to "pull the splinters out of your arse and join me or not". 

While Anderson conveyed the news the cobalt issue had prevented Moody speaking to the media, 20 metres from where Anderson was working, stewards were grilling Moody over the outrageous statements made on Anderson's show and told the trainer of Black Caviar that such outbursts would not be tolerated. They went on to remind Moody of his obligations to the licence that he holds. 

This was not broadcast on Channel 78 nor reported on  racing.com . It took Fairfax Media's Andrew Garvey to question whether Moody's media ban was connected with stewards. 

He was told Moody was spoken to about his remarks made on Anderson's show. 

When Fairfax Media tried to contact Channel 78 chief executive Scott Perrin to see if any action had been taken against Anderson, the CEO did not answer our calls. 

Anderson last Wednesday gave Moody another 20 minutes of air time to bag officials and continue to cry foul. 

The level of questioning by Anderson was shameful. "We go back a long way, Pete" is not good enough for balanced news. 

It's interesting to note that two weeks last Wednesday Ballarat trainer Kylie Vella was charged under the same race-day-treatment rule for using the same poultice as Moody's filly. 

Vella was not given a paragraph in racing publications nor air play on Anderson's show. 

And it's strange how integrity officers Australia-wide were sacked over the live-baiting scandal that rocked greyhound racing — with governments and media claiming those in charge had fallen asleep at the wheel — but once three leading trainers are netted, the rule book must be changed. 

A mindless collection of quotes from Moody's friends in the Caulfield trainers' hut that came out in support of him is nowhere near reflective of the feeling of trainers. 

Fairfax Media has received countless emails from around the state applauding the integrity department of Racing Victoria, as they are sick of being beaten by cheats. 

And it would be timely to allow Moody, Mark Kavanagh, Danny O'Brien, and Lee and Shannon Hope to have their cases heard without cheer squads and self-styled experts who have a year-nine biology background. 

It's worth noting that Lee and Shannon Hope have shown class and dignity after they were charged last year. 

The didn't ask for any media free kicks or inside runs. They are sitting and waiting, aware that talking and yelling won't help their cause. It's timely advice for a few others waiting for their day in court to arrive. 

The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald .

Sonoran Hot Dog – bacon wrapped, 8-inch Mad Mike’s hot dog, covered in refried beans, homemade guacamole, fresh pico de gallo and drizzled with sour cream. Ashley Ludwig photo.   
There is a new name in gourmet hot dogs in Temecula, and a new attitude behind your neighborhood hangout. South Temecula has many things, but corner hangouts for after a sports game, a beer softball league, or a place for teams to host their latest fundraiser are in short supply. 
 
Enter Suzette Swanger, mother and Temecula resident, who saw a restaurant in crisis and stepped in to take it to the next level. 
 
“We purchased Devil Dogs Gourmet Hot Dogs over five months ago,” Swanger said, “and it’s been a heck of a ride since.” 
 
 Lagunitas IPA on tap at Temecula’s Devil Dogs Gourmet Hot Dogs – the hot dog joint around the corner. Ashley Ludwig photo.   
This hot dog shop has changed hands a few times, but Swanger has that special something to make sure that all who enter to try Devil Dogs Gourmet Hot Dogs will return again, with friends and family in tow. 
 
Inside, it’s like being invited to a family barbecue – complete with checked table cloths, mountains of napkins for the juicy dogs and sandwiches and ample supplies of squeezable mustard and ketchup. A jukebox on the wall plays fun, classic or recent hip tunes, depending on the crowd. Regulars hang out at the bar. Families at the tables, ordering hand dipped sweet corn dogs or baskets of homemade potato chips. 
 
Remember, when you come in to Devil Dogs Gourmet Hot Dogs, bring the family and prepare to mind your manners during the big game. 
 
“We initiated a ‘Bad Word Box’ for anyone caught swearing at the bar when kids are present,” Swanger said, thumbing through the stack of bills. “It’s a relatively new idea and fun for those in the know. At the end of the month we plan on donating the funds raised to a local charity.” 
 
Behind the bar, tap handles range from backyard barbecue cheap beer – Pabst Blue Ribbon – that will more than likely always remain on tap, according to Swanger, to featured craft brew, such as the Petaluma based brewer Lagunitas IPA. Regionally famous for their India Pale Ale, this well balanced beer is now featured at Devil Dogs. With caramel malt barley to mellow the hop flavors, Lagunitas is one for beer lovers to try. 
 
“I love having friends over, cooking and entertaining. Devil Dogs has become a natural extension of that,” she said. 
 
 Suzette Swanger, right, and staff mug for the camera while the games play on one of many TVs in this local sports bar and restaurant. Ashley Ludwig photo.   
Lunch time at this hot dog shop finds locals at the many tables or hanging out at the comfortable bar seating. TVs have multiple games on, showcasing college football on a September morning. The menu is chock full of gourmet hot dogs, such as the bacon wrapped Sonoran Dog, or the Portuguese Hawaiian Sausage, with spicy Mad Mike’s sausage combined with sweet pineapple flavors. Of course, fans can build their own hot dog or sausage creations with the ever growing list of toppings. 
 
“Last week, we added mushrooms to our list,” Swanger said. “It’s always fun to see just how high people can top their hot dogs or sausages.” 
 
Along with the multiple specialty dogs and sandwiches, Devil Dogs Gourmet Hot Dogs also makes their own hand-cut French fries, onion rings, and homemade potato chips. 
 
“We consider ourselves farm to table here, even though our farm is in Arizona,” she said. “Everything is homemade here in the shop.” 
 
 Hand Dipped Corn Dogs are sweet and crunchy, “like we get at the fair!” as one child described the tasty offering. Shown over a bed of hand cut fries and homemade potato chips, Devil Dogs Gourmet Hot Dogs can turn anything on their gourmet menu into a corn dog. Ashley Ludwig photo.   
Side dishes for the gourmet offerings are just as one would expect from a corner hot dog shop, with the added benefit of Swanger’s special touch. 
 
The coleslaw is her family recipe, not creamy but sliced thin, crisp cabbage and poppy seeds made in small batches and tossed in an apple cider vinaigrette. This slaw complements the perfectly prepared hotdogs and sausages. Her potato salad, in a nod to deviled eggs, has a kick and just the right balance of sweet, salt, and heat with the addition of paprika and pimento. 
 
Bringing Mad Mike’s Sausages into the mix was a natural choice for Swanger, making gourmet hot dogs the order of the day. From mild to wild, the big name in local sausage can be fully tasted here. 
 
“Mad Mike’s adds that amazing flavor for every dog and sausage, except those listed as Vienna Beef hot dogs,” she said. “His chicken sausage is simply the best I’ve ever tasted.” 
 
The gourmet Sonoran Dog, a bacon wrapped 8-inch hot dog, topped with refried beans, flavorful homemade guacamole, pico de gallo and drizzled with sour cream all on a sweet hot dog bun will satisfy lovers of the traditional Mexican hot dog. Swanger’s guacamole will have you begging for the recipe though it’s a trade secret. The hand-cut chips are an ideal side for this dish, salted, light and crisp, not greasy in any way. 
 
 A whimsical example of “farm to table,” Suzette Swanger shows how the potatoes from their grower transform into the thinly sliced potato chips they make and serve daily at Devil Dogs Gourmet Hot Dogs. Ashley Ludwig photo.   
“We’re becoming famous for our chips,” she said. 
 
Fans and friends of Devil Dogs can come for any game, any time, and the television will never be turned off before the game is done. 
 
“We won’t throw people out just because it’s after our closing time, if the game goes long,” she said. 
 
“The name, ‘Devil Dogs’ is a United States Marine Corps reference, though our family isn’t in the military,” she said. “We kept that name because we are proud to be Americans, and of our soldiers in this military town. That’s why we decided to focus on Patriot Day for a raffle and fundraiser.” 
 
The donations for this fundraiser, to raise funds toward the U.S. Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command Foundation are growing daily. 
 
“We are big fans of this local charitable foundation that raises funds for local Marine families,” she said. “That, and with Patriot Day coming, we knew we needed to do something to help.” 
 
 A United States Marine Corps commemorative poker chip was a gift to Suzette Swanger, from one of her many military guests. Devil Dogs Gourmet Hot Dogs is a friend to the military and those who have served. Ashley Ludwig photo.   
The Devil Dogs Gourmet Hot Dogs fundraiser will run from Friday, Sept. 11 through Tuesday, Sept. 15 with all proceeds benefitting the MARSOC Foundation. Raffle items will include Mad Mike’s American Gourmet Products, a golf package, and a guitar donated by Pabst Blue Ribbon. 
 
“When we learned about the MARSOC Foundation, we knew we needed to do something to draw attention to this organization,” she said. 
 
Find Devil Dogs Gourmet Hot Dogs in Temecula at 43810 Butterfield Stage Rd #102. For more information, call (951) 302-2220 or visit www.facebook.com/DevilDogsTemecula . 
 
The post appeared first on Valley News .

By Danny Cox

The Detroit Lions are looking to have a successful season in 2015 and opening against the San Diego Chargers this weekend will be their first true test. The good news is that their injury report is a rather short one since they were able to stay relatively healthy during the preseason. Unfortunately, there is bad news and it's that they may be without a key defensive starter for quite some time.

Linebacker DeAndre Levy is dealing with a hip injury that could honestly end up being a lot worse than anyone first thought. While the team has been rather hush-hush on the severity of it so far, it appears to be quite serious. It may end up requiring surgery, which could keep him out for a pretty good length of time.

The Lions are hoping to hold off as long as possible on surgery for Levy, and still listed him as doubtful for the game with the Chargers and not as out. Detroit can't place him on short-term injured reserve because they've already used it on rookie cornerback Alex Carter, so they will have to eat Levy's roster spot no matter what happens or place him on season ending injured reserve.

Josh Bynes is expected to start in Levy's place at weakside linebacker for the Lions.

Offensive guard Larry Warford (ankle) is listed as out as well, and he hasn't even practiced in weeks. Warford ended up missing the final two preseason games and is now gone for the opener. It's not 100 percent certain who will start at right guard as it could be rookie first-round pick Laken Tomlinson or possibly LaAdrian Waddle.

The Lions ended up having to keep an extra defensive tackle (Jermelle Cudko) on their final roster due to Caraun Reid's ankle injury, which has kept him out of practice and preseason games for weeks. He will be out against the Chargers and could miss next week, as well.

Waddle has dealt with an elbow injury this past week, but he will be ready to go.

Tight end Eric Ebron (ankle) and running back Tahir Whitehead (elbow) are going to play as needed for the Lions.

The San Diego Chargers have a strong test against the Detroit Lions in the season opener. The Lions are rather healthy and have enough depth to make up for the absences, but the loss of DeAndre Levy could really hurt if it goes on for too long.

Probable:
Eric Ebron, TE (ankle)
Tahir Whitehead, RB (elbow)

Questionable:
LaAdrian Waddle T (elbow)

Doubtful:
DeAndre Levy, LB (hip)

Out:
Larry Warford, G (ankle)
Caraun Reid, DT (ankle)



Danny Cox knows a little something about the NFL, whether it means letting you know what penalty will come from the flag just thrown on the field or quickly spouting off who the Chicago Bears drafted in the first round of the 1987 draft (Jim Harbaugh). He plans on bringing you the best news, previews, recaps, and anything else that may come along with the exciting world of the National Football League. Danny is a freelance writer covering all things NFL. His work can be found on Examiner.com. [javascript src=http://www.examiner.com/sites/all/libraries/cbswidget.min.js]

The veteran captain of a London-bound British Airways plane has been hailed a "hero" for his response to an engine fire at a Las Vegas airport. 
 
Investigations continue into what caused the left engine of the Boeing 777-200 to burst into flames on the runway at McCarran International Airport, forcing 157 passengers, 10 crew and three pilots to evacuate through emergency slides. 
 
The captain was named as Chris Henkey, from Reading, Berkshire, who has four decades of flying experience with BA and is about to retire. 
 
His fiancee, Lenka Nevolna, 40, said: "He's a hero. He's a great man with a warm heart, and generosity, and I'm very proud of him." 
 
She said she was "very shocked" by what had happened and added: "I'm glad that no one's hurt and everything is going to be fine." 
 
Asked if he is always so cool and calm, she said: "Yes, most of the time, and he's loved by everyone, we are very proud of him." 
 
She did not have to worry if he had been involved in the incident, because he rang her to tell her about it, then she watched the news. 
 
She confirmed he is about to retire, adding: "Unfortunately what happened, we couldn't have predicted." 
 
His ex-wife Marnie, who is a former cabin crew member and with whom he has a daughter, expressed her relief that he and the rest of the crew got out safely. 
 
"He is safe and happy," she told the Guardian. "I've had some messages from him. He did a bloody good job." 
 
Fire officials said at least 14 people were taken to hospital with minor injuries, mostly caused by sliding down the inflatable chutes to escape. 
 
The airport released a statement which said it was first alerted to the emergency at 4.13pm local time (12.13am BST) and within five minutes everyone was off the plane and the blaze was extinguished. 
   Promoted stories   
An audio recording which appears to be the conversation between the captain and air traffic control shows how efficiently the emergency was dealt with. 
 
Speaking calmly and clearly, th e pilot said: "Mayday, mayday, Speedbird 2276 request fire services." 
 
The woman in the control tower immediately replied: "Heavy fire services on the way." 
 
Forty seconds later the captain added: "We are evacuating on the runway. We have a fire. I repeat, we are evacuating." 
 
According to reports the captain was applauded by passengers when he spoke to them in the safety of the terminal building. 
 
BA would not confirm the identity of the captain but said he was " very experienced and has flown with British Airways for 42 years". 
 
A spokeswoman for the airport said the passengers were evacuated "quickly and safely". 
 
She went on: " We cannot express enough gratitude to the emergency response crews, as well as the British Airways crew." 
 
The BA flight from Las Vegas was set to depart for the 10-hour flight to Gatwick when the crew noticed the fire. 
 
BA issued a statement which said the plane "experienced a technical issue" and the crew "evacuated the aircraft safely". 
 
The airline added it had provided hotel accommodation and was organising alternative flights for its 157 customers, while those who had been taken to hospital had since been discharged.. 
 
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) in the US  said four investigators had been sent to examine the aircraft, including engine, systems and fire specialists. 
 
BA would not reveal how many Britons were on the plane, although the  Las Vegas to Gatwick route is popular with UK leisure travellers. 
 
Jacob Steinberg, a Guardian sports reporter who was on the flight, said the captain told passengers there had been a "catastrophic" engine failure. 
 
He tweeted: " Was asleep as the plane took off. Came to a crashing halt. Smell of smoke. Initially told to stay seated, then shout of evacuate. 
 
"Could smell and see smoke but was on other side of plane. One person said fire melted a couple of windows. 
 
"They opened the back door and slide went down and smoke started coming in plane, followed by mad dash to front. A lot of panic." 
   
 Share article  
   
Boeing said in a statement that it was "prepared to provide technical assistance to the NTSB following today's incident". 
 
McCarran is a major airport in the US, handling almost 43 million passengers a year.

Bogart, GA (PRWEB) 

Georgia Insurance Advisors, a locally owned insurance firm serving Bogart and the surrounding communities, is launching a charity effort to provide for the family of Grace, a young local girl battling restrictive cardiomyopathy. 

Commonly referred to as an enlarged heart, restrictive cardiomyopathy often leads to diastolic dysfunction – the inability to adequately move blood through the circulatory system. Without surgery and treatment, restrictive cardiomyopathy can lead to heart failure.

Grace Cantrell was diagnosed with restrictive cardiomyopathy at three years old and promptly began receiving treatment at Children's healthcare of Atlanta. Though doctors warned the Cantrells that they would likely outlive their daughter, Grace was saved by a donor heart that she received in a transplant on her fourth birthday. While the good news is that Grace is healthy and healing, her family is still struggling to manage the significant medical costs associated with her life-saving treatment.

“We are all extremely thankful that Grace is alive and well,” says Mack McClung, owner and manager of Georgia Insurance Advisors. “With the money they spent on Grace’s treatment, the Cantrell family needs everyone in our community to pitch in and help make sure Grace is well cared for in the years to come.”

Mobilizing a network of professional and personal contacts, the Georgia Insurance team is making inroads with friends, neighbors, and business associates alike as they raise awareness about Grace’s condition and seek donations that will be used to assist her family in paying off her med

'/"/

Share This Story! 
Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about 
CHALK TALK Week 3 - West Tennessee High School Football Preview 
Chalk Talk - Local High School Football Games Preview for Week 3 featuring Jackson Sun Sports Editor Brandon Shields and JSUN Sports Reporter Craig Thomas. 
Post to Facebook 
Try Another 

Audio CAPTCHA 

Image CAPTCHA 

Help 
{#
                    
                    #} 
Cancel Send

By D.E. Schlatter 
Digital First Media 
   

    
LOWER MAKEFIELD >> While neighboring municipalities such as Yardley Borough and Falls Township have jumped into the 21st Century and set up official Facebook pages, Lower Makefield’s board of supervisors are cautious about taking the plunge, at least on Facebook. 

At the July 15 supervisors’ meeting, the Electronic Media Advisory Board (EMAB) presented its recommendations that Lower Makefield should supplement its township website with Facebook and Twitter. 

But several of the supervisors balked at the suggestion, stating that if the township set up an official Facebook page, some of the postings in the comment section could be hostile and inflammatory. 

“I like the idea of a page, but then you bring in Captain Courageous on a keyboard and it can get out of hand,” declared Supervisor Dan McLaughlin. 
 
“I’m worried about a rogue person getting us on the national news,” he added. “Saying something about the police or safety at the pool.” 

But EMAB Chairman Zachary Rubin said that for Lower Makefield to use Facebook and Twitter is the best way to keep in touch with residents, especially if there is an emergency and information must be quickly dispatched. 

“It’s the best way of people communicating with the township,” Rubin said, noting that social media helps direct individuals to the township Web page where more updated information can be posted. 

Fellow EMAB member Jill Laurinaitis said that according to a recent Pew Foundation study, 71 percent of adults in the U.S. are on Facebook and 18 percent use Twitter, numbers which are much higher in the younger population. 

In an attempt to quell the supervisors’ fear of inappropriate comments, Laurinaitis explained, “People’s behavior is better on these pages.” Although she acknowledged that “you have to have somebody monitoring it.” 

According to Laurinaitis, other local governments with Facebook identities often have a staffer dedicated to reading the comments, and removing them if they do not fit into the page’s guidelines. Continued... 
  “You have an editor,” said EMAB member Frederick Young. 
But Supervisor Chairman Kristin Tyler worried that if a Facebook page is set up the township would have to have an employee monitor all the comments, which could be both time-consuming and costly. 

Not all board members scoffed at the establishing a Facebook identity. 

Supervisor Ron Smith, who is the board’s liaison with the EMAB, said that Lower Makefield having a Facebook identity is “a great idea. 

“You can’t ignore the 21st Century,” Smith attested. “If it’s working elsewhere than it’s something we should aspire to.” 

Smith pointed out that nine years ago several Lower Makefield officials opposed televising the supervisors’ meeting, arguing that it would attract unruly individuals who would co-opt the meetings with hostile public comments. 

But that has not occurred, and he said the same fears appear to be aimed at using Facebook. 

Meanwhile, township solicitor Jeff Garton, who also represents Doylestown Township which has a Facebook page, said that so far the comment section there has been “pretty tame.” 

While the majority of supervisors for now were seemingly unreceptive to diving into the Facebook pool, setting up an official Twitter account received a better reception. 

Currently, the Lower Makefield Police Department is using Twitter to send messages and alerts to residents, and Chief Ken Coluzzi says it’s working very well. Continued... 
  But Twitter is different than Facebook, according to the chief, “We don’t take comments.” 
Township manager Terry Fedorchak said that he would start working on whether the township should set up an official Twitter account. 

“The Twitter approach is more appealing to me than going on Facebook,” he maintained. 

The Electronic Media Advisory Board also recommended that the township update it somewhat antiquated website and make mobile apps available for smartphones so the Web page can be better accessed. 

This way, according to EMAB Chairman Rubin, Lower Makefield can interact more efficiently with its residents, as well as contact them during emergencies. 

Rubin and the police chief also noted that Bucks County has a new emergency notification system in place called BucksAlertPA, which replaces ReadyNotifyPA. 

Coluzzi advised residents who signed up for the old system to reapply to BucksAlertPA, so that they can receive updates and alerts through their smartphones, e-mails, and house phones. 

Alerts can also be specifically tailored to include traffic and transit problems, as well as crime and health warnings, among other things. 

To sign up for BucksAlertPA go to: www.bucks.alertpa.org and click on “New User.” 

The home page on the townships' website, www.lmt.org , also has a link to BucksAlertPA.  
 LOWER MAKEFIELD >> While neighboring municipalities such as Yardley Borough and Falls Township have jumped into the 21st Century and set up official Facebook pages, Lower Makefield’s board of supervisors are cautious about taking the plunge, at least on Facebook. 
At the July 15 supervisors’ meeting, the Electronic Media Advisory Board (EMAB) presented its recommendations that Lower Makefield should supplement its township website with Facebook and Twitter. 

But several of the supervisors balked at the suggestion, stating that if the township set up an official Facebook page, some of the postings in the comment section could be hostile and inflammatory. 

“I like the idea of a page, but then you bring in Captain Courageous on a keyboard and it can get out of hand,” declared Supervisor Dan McLaughlin. 

“I’m worried about a rogue person getting us on the national news,” he added. “Saying something about the police or safety at the pool.” 

But EMAB Chairman Zachary Rubin said that for Lower Makefield to use Facebook and Twitter is the best way to keep in touch with residents, especially if there is an emergency and information must be quickly dispatched. 

“It’s the best way of people communicating with the township,” Rubin said, noting that social media helps direct individuals to the township Web page where more updated information can be posted. 

Fellow EMAB member Jill Laurinaitis said that according to a recent Pew Foundation study, 71 percent of adults in the U.S. are on Facebook and 18 percent use Twitter, numbers which are much higher in the younger population. 

In an attempt to quell the supervisors’ fear of inappropriate comments, Laurinaitis explained, “People’s behavior is better on these pages.” Although she acknowledged that “you have to have somebody monitoring it.” 

According to Laurinaitis, other local governments with Facebook identities often have a staffer dedicated to reading the comments, and removing them if they do not fit into the page’s guidelines. 

“You have an editor,” said EMAB member Frederick Young. 

But Supervisor Chairman Kristin Tyler worried that if a Facebook page is set up the township would have to have an employee monitor all the comments, which could be both time-consuming and costly. 

Not all board members scoffed at the establishing a Facebook identity. 

Supervisor Ron Smith, who is the board’s liaison with the EMAB, said that Lower Makefield having a Facebook identity is “a great idea. 

“You can’t ignore the 21st Century,” Smith attested. “If it’s working elsewhere than it’s something we should aspire to.” 

Smith pointed out that nine years ago several Lower Makefield officials opposed televising the supervisors’ meeting, arguing that it would attract unruly individuals who would co-opt the meetings with hostile public comments. 

But that has not occurred, and he said the same fears appear to be aimed at using Facebook. 

Meanwhile, township solicitor Jeff Garton, who also represents Doylestown Township which has a Facebook page, said that so far the comment section there has been “pretty tame.” 

While the majority of supervisors for now were seemingly unreceptive to diving into the Facebook pool, setting up an official Twitter account received a better reception. 

Currently, the Lower Makefield Police Department is using Twitter to send messages and alerts to residents, and Chief Ken Coluzzi says it’s working very well. 

But Twitter is different than Facebook, according to the chief, “We don’t take comments.” 

Township manager Terry Fedorchak said that he would start working on whether the township should set up an official Twitter account. 

“The Twitter approach is more appealing to me than going on Facebook,” he maintained. 

The Electronic Media Advisory Board also recommended that the township update it somewhat antiquated website and make mobile apps available for smartphones so the Web page can be better accessed. 

This way, according to EMAB Chairman Rubin, Lower Makefield can interact more efficiently with its residents, as well as contact them during emergencies. 

Rubin and the police chief also noted that Bucks County has a new emergency notification system in place called BucksAlertPA, which replaces ReadyNotifyPA. 

Coluzzi advised residents who signed up for the old system to reapply to BucksAlertPA, so that they can receive updates and alerts through their smartphones, e-mails, and house phones. 

Alerts can also be specifically tailored to include traffic and transit problems, as well as crime and health warnings, among other things. 

To sign up for BucksAlertPA go to: www.bucks.alertpa.org and click on “New User.” 

The home page on the townships' website, www.lmt.org , also has a link to BucksAlertPA.

Europe Ukraine Campaigns to Strip Russia of Its UN Veto Power September 16, 2015 FILE - Russia's U.N. Ambassador Vitaly Churkin speaks during a U.N. Security Council meeting on the Ukraine crisis, March 15, 2014, at United Nations headquarters in New York. Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Email to a Friend Ukraine intends to pursue its campaign to strip Russia of its U.N. Security Council veto power at the United Nations General Assembly annual meeting and debate later this month. Ukraine's parliament, the Verkhovna Rada, voted unanimously Wednesday in favor of an international initiative to preventing use of the veto to block Security Council resolutions or action in cases where "conflicts become especially rigid." Ukrainian officials said they envision phasing in gradually any restrictions on the use of the veto in the Security Council, and eventually abolish entirely the power of a single state to block votes. Ukraine's U.N. ambassador, Yuriy Sergeyev, tweeted Tuesday that 67 of the General Assembly's 193 members have indicated they support such a move. Russia has dismissed the Ukrainian proposal. Although Ukraine's proposal to reform Council procedures would apply to all five permanent members, it is aimed specifically at Russia, which used its veto six months ago to block a Security Council resolution supporting Ukraine's claim that Moscow is guilty of "military aggression" against Ukraine. Kyiv condemns Russia's active support for separatists fighting to break away from Ukraine and for its annexation of Crimea, which had been part of Ukraine. Moscow claims the turmoil in Ukraine since early 2014 is a "civil war" in which it has played no role. In late July Moscow wielded its veto power to block a U.N. Security Council resolution to create an international tribunal that would bring to account those responsible for the shootdown in July of 2014 of Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine. Investigators implicate Russia in the downing, which killed 298 people. Moscow puts the blame on Ukraine, saying the incident took place in its airspace. The United States, Britain and France, which also have veto power on the Security Council, have criticized previous blocking votes by Russia and by China, especially those that have prevented the Council from imposing sanctions on the Syrian regime of President Bashar al-Assad. The Western powers have supported Ukraine's claims against Russia, but they have avoided taking a position on Kyiv's proposal to abolish the veto. Russia's U.N. envoy, Vitaly Churkin, was quoted Wednesday as saying the permanent Council members' veto right "is a very important mechanism," one that can result in compromise settlements in disputes where member states are bitterly divided. The U.N. Security Council has five permanent members - the United States, Britain, France, Russia and China - with veto powers, and a single permanent member can block any Council action, even if it is backed by all other members. Ten U.N. member states hold temporary, rotating seats on the Council. Temporary members participate in consultations and meetings, and they do vote on Council statements and resolutions, but they cannot block measures that are supported by a majority of the 15 members. Ukraine hopes to be elected to serve as a temporary Council member when membership changes are decided in New York on October 15. Related Ukraine's Poroshenko: Rebel Elections Threaten Peace Deal US Air Force Cites 'Alarming' Russian Strides in Air Power EU Extends Russia Sanctions Over Ukraine Crisis Poroshenko: Cease-Fire Holding but Russia Seeks to Destabilize You might like also Middle East Few US-Trained Rebels Still Fighting in Syria Americas Obama Advocates a ‘Step by Step’ Approach With Cuba Asia Cyber Sanctions Against China Looking Less Likely

It’s Showtime VS. Eat Bulaga!: When is Enough, Enough?— September 22, 2015It’s amusing how #AlDub and #ItsShowtimePastillas are generating millions and millions of tweets in the micro-blogging site, Twitter. But, it’s also kind of frustrating and disturbing how things are turning out in this so-called noontime wars. I may be fascinated by #AlDub, but I am an avid Showtimer. However, It’s Showtime gets borderline desperate to decide on venturing in yet another copy-cat move, also known as the Pastillas serye. In a long list, which I have shared, I showed you the times when It’s Showtime tried to parallel Eat Bulaga!‘s several segments and contests. Although they clicked, this pestering step done by It’s Showtime is obviously a no-brainer, close-to (if not) pathetic take on their share of TV ratings. Yes, they may have, at some point, overpowered the ratings and the noontime slot against EB, but will that ever give them the right and passage to copy and use the other show’s intellectual efforts as their own and eventually, bad mouth the people questioning this deed of theirs? It’s Showtime Mania: Pastillas for Sale #AlDub took fame and the audiences’ lives by storm–all because of a simple, candid accident. EB automatically gained back the noontime clamor because everybody was suddenly in thirst of Yaya Dub and Alden’s dubsmash stints, their notes exchange, the ups-and-downs of their ‘sa tamang panahon’ love story–all of which seamlessly got to be everyone’s lunch time habit. Imagine a daily Pacquiao-fight-like jam-packed TV viewing at home, public terminals, hospitals, schools, and wherever there’s a TV and everybody could watch. EB’s skyrocketing ratings brought by AlDub was obviously a downtime for It’s Showtime. Thus, the push for them to make use of the other YouTube and online media sensations like the infamous Pastillas Girl. I really have nothing against these people wanting to be famous and make a living through TV exposures, but what I am not really in favor of was how It’s Showtime pimping out this Ms. Pastillas on national television while expecting us to empathize, because she was heartbroken, betrayed, back-stabbed, betrayed by her boyfriend and best friend. Yeah, sure, her story is everybody’s story. Yes, probably that empathy soothed other healing hearts and made way for Toper, Jess, and Evan (her tele-suitors) to travel all the way from wherever they’ve been and profess their love (yes, love agad-agad) to Ms. Pastillas. And as I have imagined right from the start, the exes of these kiligserye/Twitterserye would come into place, expose themselves on TV, and add on the story of Ms. Pastillas’ life. But was it really needed, that in order to recover from a losing fight against AlDub mania, It’s Showtime would resort to pimping, selling out Ms. Pastillas and her vulnerability on TV? Was it even politically and morally upright? Yes, they may not be boldly and on-the-spot selling this girl in exchange for sexual delights, but isn’t calling on for male prospects out there to be her Mr. Pastillas a close relation to that? My opinion on this matter is far beyond the mere AlDub-Pastillas wars on who is better or who should be idolized more. I’m only saying that while It’s Showtime may give ‘chances’ or ‘opportunities’ to these people, they might be taking the route of a wrong direction. I am with Vice Ganda’s statements on people taking all these stardom against Ms. Pastillas and that she shouldn’t be bullied just for the plain fact that she wanted to share her life story on TV; but, I am typically against Vice Ganda’s pertinacity on claiming that they weren’t doing any wrong, that there weren’t anyone being at a disadvantage in all this, because in reality there is, there are. It’s a shame and insult for women to be auctioned for everyone to see. What would the younger generation say and think about this–that it’s perfectly okay to sell out themselves to people? How about the feelings and right-to-intellectual-property of the people behind every segment or production that was closely duplicated, of the real author of the ‘pastillas recipe’ who was overseen because fame and limelight was cast upon the girl who used (without permission) the recipe that wasn’t her? Definitely, there is something wrong in this current Pastillas fame. And when there’s someone ill-favored in anything, it should be enough. If you cannot see this, then maybe you should pay a visit to the eye-doctor (or better yet to a mental doctor).   **photo credits to the owners** Share this Post:« Previous ArticleSecond Rate Copycat: War of the Noontime Shows

Ultimate triathlon  extravaganza set for Hever Castle Triathlon  
It is the final flagship race of the Castle  Triathlon Series and a
jam-packed, televised weekend with competitors of all  ages and abilities
signed up to take part in one of the biggest multisport  events in the UK.
Triathlon returns for the seventh annual Hever Castle
Triathlon weekend over the 26th and 27th September, ready  to write
another historic chapter at the former home of King Henry VIII. 
 
Fittingly for its seventh edition, the number  seven features prominently
throughout the event – starting with a record breaking  number of
entries currently standing at 7,000. The youngest competitor lining  up in
the world's biggest kids race is seven, whilst the oldest competitor is 77. 
 

 
The stunning venue, located in the heart of Kent,  welcomes competitors
from across the UK and internationally in a series of  distances and
challenges (including the biggest children's triathlon in the  world). Its
position at the end of the busy triathlon calendar and the final  stop on
the Castle Triathlon Series means that there is a party-like festival
atmosphere as triathletes sign off their season with PB's, new distances
achieved or sporting success shared with their friends of families. The
atmosphere is boosted by 500 camping through the weekend and lots of
entertainment including bands, climbing walls, archery, trade stands, fun
fair  and pleasure rides. 
 
The event attracts some of the best triathletes in  Britain who are set
to race hard and fast for their share of the trophies and  prize money. Up
for grabs this year is a prize fund of £8,000 that stands at
£2,000  for the Standard Distance race, whilst those triumphing in the
toughest  challenge of the day, the half-iron Gauntlet race, will also take
home their  share of £2,000. Further prizes are given for Series
winners. 
 Favourites  for The Gauntlet 2015 titles  
The Gauntlet at Hever Castle is the biggest test in  the Castle Triathlon
Series. The half-iron distance triathlon takes competitors  into the rolling
hills of the Kent Weald and through an ‘area of outstanding  beauty'.
Triathletes who took on the 1.9km swim, 90km bike and 21km run last  year
unequivocally reviewed it as one of the ‘must-do' events in the UK and
attracted  to the challenge, the field has grown once again this year from
200 in 2013 to  now over 850 – making it one of the most popular in
the country. 
 
Spearheading the men's field will be the intriguing  re-match between
Darren Jenkins (Bastion 2015 champion) and Karl Alexander  (Hever Castle
Gauntlet 2013 champion). These two had an awesome battle at Hever  Castle
earlier this year over the iron-distance Bastion Triathlon in July, with
Jenkins emerging on top with his fearsome run proving the decisive factor.
Now set  to battle it out again over the middle distance, will Jenkins once
again have  the upper hand, or will the shorter distance suit Alexander who
will have less  run course to cover before the finish line comes? These
questions and more will  all be answered over the race. 
 
Jenkins and Alexander won't have it all their own  way as there is talent
throughout the field, not least in the form of XTERRA  professional Matt
Dewis, Irish Middle Distance champion Kevin Thornton and  talented racer
Will Cowan – who can all challenge for the podium and have the  class
to win. 
 
British and Scottish Middle Distance Champion Nikki  Bartlett is in the
field and is the clear favourite for the women's title at  Hever Castle
Gauntlet Triathlon. 
 
Also in the field is Pete Dyson, Andy Dyson, Max  Hazell, Ben Matthews,
Colin Norris, Ben Pritchard and Neil Tandy. The women's  race will feature
Bex Milnes and Kim Morrison. 
 Olympic  distance speedsters  
Whilst the Gauntlet represents a test of speed over  distance at Hever
Castle Triathlon, the speed kings and queens will take on the  Olympic
distance triathlon, which comprises of the shorter (but no less  testing),
distances of 1.5km swim, 40km bike and 10km run. Competing for these  titles
will be elite athletes including Liam Lloyd, Phil Edgley, James Fearn,
Calum Johnson, William Kirk and Scott Thompson. 
 
The women's race looks particularly exciting, with Catherine  Jameson
headlining the field. Jameson is a fearsome competitor on the Castle
Triathlon Series circuit and has picked up wins at Chateau du Chantilly,
Castle  Howard and Cholmondeley already this year. Jameson is such a fan of
the Hever  Castle Triathlon that she has published her top ten reasons to do
the race HERE . 
 
Hever Castle would complete the set. However, a  challenge will come from
another former Hever Castle Champion, Vicky Johnston  and also from the
reigning European Aquathlon Champion Hannah Kitchen. 
 Hever Castle  – the ‘must-do British
race'  
In just six years the Hever Castle Triathlon has  swiftly established
itself as an essential destination for British and  international
triathletes, garnering plaudits and mainstream media attention  for its
picture postcard venue, elite action, age-group choice and festival
atmosphere.  There are no fewer than 14  race choices on offer making it one
of the biggest events in the UK. 
 
To cement the race's title as the world's largest  children's triathlon,
over 1,600 junior athletes are expected to take part. 
 
The races will begin with an amended and unique  open-water swim in the
spectacular 38 acre Hever Castle Lake and River Eden.  This creates an
incredible spectacle that is  rewarding for both the athletes and the
spectators who can see one of the most  exciting parts of the race up-close.
Competitors in The Gauntlet will take on a  single 1.9km lap whilst those
racing in the Olympic distance will take on (for  the first time), a single
1.5km lap. 
 

 
Those taking part will then transition onto the  undulating cycle that
takes athletes around a 20km circuit through the High  Weald of Kent, an
Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, with one lap for the  Sprint and two
laps for the Olympic-distance racers. Those on The Gauntlet will  be on a
specially designed two-lap course. The largely off-road run  circumnavigates
the estate and award-winning castle grounds before making the  dash to the
tree-lined finishing chute beside the lake. 
  Fun for  spectators too  
This year there is even more planned for friends,  family and all the
supporters at the Hever Castle Triathlon Triathlon, with a  variety of live
music, family games and of course a brilliant atmosphere for  all.  Relax in
the grounds of one of the  most famous castles in England and enjoy the
action unfold! 
 
You can view a video of last year's event here: 
 
[embedded content] 
 Trading Places  
The Castle Triathlon Series offers a trading places  scheme for anyone
who volunteers as a marshal or works as part of the race  team, whereby a
free race is given in return for a day's marshalling at any one  of the
Castle Triathlon Series events. You can register to volunteer here: http://www.castletriathlonseries.co.uk/take-part/volunteers

The Boston Red Sox have been playing much better of late, and one of the reasons why has been the play of their young, talented outfielders. 
 
Jackie Bradley Jr., Mookie Betts and Rusney Castillo all came up big defensively in the outfield in Boston’s 7-5 win over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday. Betts and Bradley Jr. also had big days at the plate. 
 
“Those young guys have been playing really good baseball for a month now, and it’s been a lot of fun for us to watch,” interim manager Torey Lovullo said on “Red Sox Final” after Boston’s win. “They’re playing wide-open, comfortable, confident baseball that’s helping us win games.” 
 
Hear more from Lovullo in the video above. 
 
Thumbnail photo via Mark L. Baer/USA TODAY Sports Images

CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - Reactions in the South African press to the Springboks' stunning 34-32 defeat to Japan at the Rugby World Cup on Saturday ranged from the acerbic to the mournful as the nation continued to reel in shock. 

The country's top publications look to have been caught out, having already laid out their front pages expecting a routine win, a short mention and fuller coverage within the sports pages. 

South Africa's Sunday Times did devote the entire front-page of their later edition to the reaction to the result, suggesting Bok coach Heyneke Meyer's future and his 'old man' game-plan would see him relieved of his duties once the tournament was over under the headline 'Bok heads to roll'. 

They devoted plenty of column inches to praising Japan and their coach Eddie Jones, who the newspaper suggests will lead the Cape Town-based Stormers Super Rugby franchise next season, though the Australian has previously said he is only in talks with the union. 

The City Press likened the surprise of the result to the Japanese attack on American naval base at Pearl Harbour in 1941. 

"Boks downed in Pearl Harbour" screamed the headline, followed by the line: "Shrewdly coached Samurai warriors produce their greatest performance as they show their superiority in first match." 

"SA shamed by minnows Japan" said the Sunday Independent, while the Afrikaans language Rapport felt Heyneke paid for his blunder. 

The Cape Town-based Weekend Argus ran an image of emotional Japanese players after their victory, along with the caption "Boks banzied" and the headline "Brave Blossoms beat stunned Springboks". 

They went on to call the defeat "humiliating" for South Africa and "perhaps the biggest upset in Rugby World Cup history". 

(Reporting by Nick Said; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty) 
Sports & Recreation Springboks South African Japan Rugby World Cup Heyneke Meyer

Whether they're crashing into the bleachers or simply hovering above stadiums to get a cool picture of the action down below, drones have become semi-regular guests at the ballparks these days. 

That has put the federal government, local police forces and security think tanks on alert, trying to catch up to the technology and figure out how to prevent the hard-to-stop devices from doing major damage. 

"It's scary for all of us," said Lou Marciani, the director of the National Center for Spectator Sports Safety and Security. "A crash, even without a payload, has the potential to injure several people. And if they carry a payload, it could be anything from a weapon to anthrax to something worse than that." 

Drone crashes, two days apart, at the U.S. Open in New York and before a Kentucky football game, made news earlier this month. But over the past two years, more than 50 unmanned aircrafts have flown over Major League Baseball and NFL stadiums, coming and going quietly — usually controlled by a hobbyist who either lost control of the device or wanted a picture of their favorite team in action. 

No harm done. But the prospect of the drones doing something worse has security experts looking for answers, and quickly. 

Last October, the Federal Aviation Administration issued notice that it's illegal to fly drones near Major League Baseball, NFL and NCAA Division I college football games and major auto races. Other sporting events can put their own bans in place. But the penalties for violating a ban — and who hands out those sentences — is still murky. 

In the Kentucky case, campus police brought wanton endangerment charges against the owner of the wayward drone; at the U.S. Open, New York police brought similar charges against a high school science teacher who lost control of his drone. 

The FAA issued a "law enforcement guidance" paper to help local jurisdictions figure out this new problem. It lists its own enforcement tools — including warning notices, letters of correction and civil penalties — but suggests state and local police do most of the work to detect the drones and enforce the penalties. 

In its notice about temporary flight restrictions at sporting events, the FAA lists reckless endangerment, operation of a motor vehicle while under the influence, trespassing and assault as possible criminal charges for unsanctioned drone use. 

Much of this, experts say, is the result of seat-of-the-pants law- and rule-making to combat a new and very fluid problem. And none of it addresses the most important issue: How to prevent a drone from coming into a stadium in the first place. 

"So much of this is unknown and so much of it raises so many questions," said Derek Catsam of University of Texas of the Permian Basin, who studies stadium security issue. "It's a case of where the technology is so far ahead of our ability to come to grips with it." 

There are around 2,500 Major League Baseball games a year, so 31 drone sightings last year and nine so far this season does not constitute a major crisis, said John Skinner, the director of security for MLB. Still, baseball took part in a government project called "Operation Foul Ball" last year at the All-Star Game in Minneapolis to try to detect drones. 

Skinner said Minneapolis police worked with the Department of Homeland Security on a system that could identify the radio frequencies of drones before they took off. 

"In essence, it worked," he said. 

But it didn't necessarily protect against the drones taking off; one found its way to the stadium during the home run derby. Also, there are private companies that can provide the same service using similar technology, and some of the teams have been approached about working with those companies. 

Among the dozens of uses for drones at sports facilities is attaching cameras to get before-impossible angles for the TV broadcasts. In January, ESPN cleared numerous regulatory hurdles so it could have drones with cameras follow skiers and snowboarders down the hill for the Winter X Games. 

ESPN got approval only by ensuring it would not fly the drones over spectators or in the air space of planes flying in and out of a nearby airport. 

Chris Calcinari, who spearheaded the approvals process for ESPN, called it a big opportunity because "I don't think there are many events that would actually allow us to fly a drone." 

Another application: For security. It's possible that drones themselves could be used to keep renegade drones away from fans. And a drone can hover over a stadium to look for weapons, fights and other disruptions. 

The idea of "good" drones and "bad" drones flying over the same stadium may seem like stuff of the future. But it's an idea that's not too farfetched. 

"We're in that infant stage of, what does this all mean and where is it going?" Marciani said. "It's too early to know. You're crawling. You're not even standing up yet."

LINCOLN, Neb.-- Law enforcement across the nation are under a microscope of criticism.But, despite all the tension, some Nebraskans are expressing their admiration for those who protect and serve.In some cases, it's a spontaneous gesture. This week, a Lancaster County Sheriff's Deputy found a note on their vehicle's windshield from a grateful citizen, thanking them for their service to the community.But, Wendy Holmes, of Norfolk, took her appreciation to a more expansive level, spontaneously inviting people to the Norfolk Police Department for an impromptu showing of respect. Holmes said the recent killing of an officer in another state spurred her into action."Something inside of me snapped," Holmes said, "and it's interesting what snapped. All I could think of was I'm so glad, I'm so grateful to live in this community."In response, more than 100 people showed up to applaud and talk with city police, an emotional moment for officers."To walk out that door and see all those people standing out there," Bill Mizner, Norfolk's Chief of Police, said, "and then they started clapping, and it really tugs at your heart."Hundreds of people also rallied in Omaha this week as part of a #SupportBlue movement. Officer's spouses, law enforcement and others came together to thank area authorities.No matter the setting, or number of people involved, the appreciation is being met with gratitude."We decide what our community is," Holmes said."We make that decision, we set the tone, we make that culture. And I knew that I wasn't alone."

Washington Examiner  Monday 28th September, 2015  
 Speaker of the House John Boehner, R-Ohio, skewered conservative groups and lawmakers, saying they are following "false prophets" whose messages "whip people into a frenzy." 
In his first post-resignation interview on CBS' "Face the Nation" Sunday, Boehner said, "The Bible says, beware of false prophets. And there are people out there spreading ... noise about how much can get done." 
 
Boehner blasted conservatives for not accepting incremental successes, saying that they'd voted against some of his major accomplishments like reducing the deficit, and the first major entitlement reform i...

A GROUP of bell ringers gave a right royal welcome to church visitors last week. 
 
St Paul's Church in Maple Grove, Ramsbottom , hosted a jigsaw fair last week and welcomed several hundred visitors, including the Mayor of Bury, Cllr Stella Smith. 
 
As she arrived to open the fair on September 9, the church's bell ringers performed to mark the Queen's special day as she became the longest serving monarch in Britain. 
 
The ringers' group was set up in 2008 and there are currently 14 members, with three others learning the art form of ringing traditional church bells. 
 
According to St Paul's bell ringer Colin Willsea, it takes on average 16 hours to learn the basics of the discipline, but many more years to master. 
 
"I know a chap who has been doing it for 40 years and he considers himself to be intermediate level," said Mr Willsea, aged 45, of Ramsbottom. 
 
He added: "It is a lot of fun, but it can become a little bit of an obsession as there is always something new to learn. 
   
 Share article  
   
"I really enjoyed performing for so many people to mark the Queen's special day. It's the first time I have ever performed at a special event and I started the hobby 18 months ago. 
 
"We usually practise every Thursday evening and ring the bells every other Sunday and, of course, for weddings at the church."

(Reuters) - Private equity firm Warburg Pincus LLC [WP.UL] said on Monday it has agreed to lead a $60 million investment round in Civitas Learning, an Austin, Texas-based startup that uses data analytics to help universities improve graduation rates.

Education software and services companies have drawn record levels of investment this year, as many institutions are seeking to upgrade their learning tools to become more competitive in attracting and educating students.

This was the largest funding round to date for Civitas, which was founded in 2011 by former Kaplan education executive Charles Thornburgh and an educator and administrator, Mark David Milliron.

Universities and colleges that use Civitas give the company access to information from its student population such as grades, course loads, and financial aid packages. The company then analyzes the data and creates a system of predictive analytics to help universities figure out who might be at risk of dropping out.

It also builds applications on top of its data platform that can help students pick majors, and analyzes for university administrators the effectiveness of courses.

Civitas generates revenue by selling software subscriptions. About 850 campuses use its services, including the University of Texas at Austin and the University of Arizona, according to its website.

Adarsh Sarma, managing director at Warburg Pincus, in a statement said Civitas was "a pioneer in the field of using applied data analytics to improve student outcomes."

As state- and federal-funded universities face performance-based funding requirements in which graduation rates are increasingly tied to their budgets, companies like Civitas can be brought in to seek improved results.

"With this investment, we are going to be able to improve and accelerate both learning and student outcomes for our partner institutions," said Thornburgh, Civitas' chief executive.

The company will use the money for research and development as well as potential mergers and acquisitions.

Besides Warburg Pincus, the fundraising round includes previous investors including Emergence Capital Partners, Austin Ventures, Rethink Education, SJF Ventures and Gera Venture Capital.

Warburg has a history of making money from investments in education technology. For example, it sold iParadigms LLC which makes "Turnitin" plagiarism software, for $752 million, including debt, to Insight Venture Partners last year.

(Reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Matthew Lewis)

Read the original article on Reuters.

An Alabama judge convicted a man Friday on charges of openly carrying a loaded gun to a polling site during the 2014 general election.                                     We do not know how this happened because Open Carry supporters always tell […]

Moscow State University by Nickolas Titkov on flickr.com 
 
Rumor has it that after the Russian Army aided in the defeat of the Nazi’s, Joseph Stalin believed that the world would wish to visit Moscow. During this brief period, Moscow did not have any skyscrapers like you’d see in New York, Chicago, or any place else. Call it the male ego, keeping up with the Joneses, or whatever you’d like, Stalin wanted to display Russian architecture to the world and so he decided to do it in grand fashion. What followed was the construction of seven very distinct buildings that anybody whose ever been to Moscow would remember. The styles chosen were Gothic and Russian Baroque and they were built using similar technology used to build American skyscrapers. Not long afterward, the Сталинские высотки ( Stalinist skyscrapers) were born. Those not native to Moscow have deemed them to be the “Seven Sisters.” Whatever you wish to call them, they are beautiful buildings and among the tallest in Europe. 
 
If you haven’t heard about the Seven Sisters before, watch this short video: 
 
Click here to view the embedded video. 
 
After the war had depleted much of Russia’s resources, priorities were shifted toward the important areas. I am not speaking of rebuilding the damaged infrastructure and housing, but rather, creating large, fancy skyscrapers. I am sure that somewhere in Stalin’s mind, this was a good idea and if you’ve ever visited any of these buildings, you might agree. 
 
Two of these buildings were government buildings, two were hotels, two were apartment buildings and one part of Moscow University. These large and intimidating buildings are located in a circular pattern around the center of Moscow – arrayed like a fortress. The Russian engineering teams tasked with designing these buildings won the prestigious Stalin Prize for 1948. These designs included over-engineered steel frames, concrete roofs, and masonry infills. The concrete slab foundation of the building at Moscow University is seven meters thick. The ornate architecture certainly makes these beautiful buildings pleasing on the eyes. I have stayed in the Hotel Ukraina and it is quite nice on the inside as well. 
 
It was reported that the cost to build the Moscow University building was nearly equal to that of the rebuilding of the utterly destroyed Stalingrad – this rebuilding was, of course, set to take place over the span of five years. For those that have studied Russia during the “Stalin” years, most projects were aimed at being completed in five year increments. This project begun under Stalin and ended under Nikita Khrushchev. 
 
Moscow State University’s building is built right next to Sparrow Hills and was the the tallest building in Europe until 1990. Built in part by Gulag inmates, the immense structure stands at 240 meters tall. It is still the tallest educational building in the world with 36 floors. 
 
The Hotel Ukraina makes up the second building and is currently called the Radisson Royal Hotel. Having stayed a few nights there, I can attest to its beautiful architecture, inside and out, as well as its charm; however, it has gone through remodeling since then. This was the tallest hotel in the world (206 meters tall and 34 floors) until 1975 when a larger one was built in Atlanta, Georgia. It has been said that approximately 9,000 people were used in the building of this magnificent hotel – seems like it would have been good for the economy. 
 
Hotel Leningradskaya , like Hotel Ukraina, has undergone a makeover to restore it to its original brilliance complete with gates very similar to those of the Verkhospassky Cathedral in the Kremlin. Though it is quite a bit smaller than Hotel Ukraina, 136 meters tall, it still packs the luxury and beauty. Both of these hotels are currently owned by Radisson and Hilton. 
 
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs building contains the offices for Ministry of Foreign Affairs for the Russian Federation. The Kotelnicheskaya Embankment Building is an apartment building, initially intended for the elites, bearing resemblance to the Hotel Metropol. The Kudrinskaya Square Building was intended to house Soviet cultural leaders. The Red Gates Administrative Building was designed by Alexey Dushkin; he also designed some of the Moscow Metro and this building is connected to it. 
 
I hope this brief highlight of the Seven Sisters will inspire you to learn more. Being that they contain two of Moscow’s most profound hotels, perhaps you’ll consider staying in one while visiting. Should any of you have any stories of visiting these buildings, please feel free to share them!

CLEMSON, SC (FOX Carolina) - 

Sheriff Mike Crenshaw released a statement Tuesday and an evening prayer vigil will mark the one year anniversary of Clemson University student Tucker Hipps’ death, which remains under investigation by the Oconee County Sheriff’s Office.

Hipps body was found in Lake Hartwell below a bridge near the Clemson campus on Sept. 22, 2014.

The Sigma Phi Epsilon pledge was last seen earlier that day during a morning run with other members of the fraternity.

In the following months, the investigation into Hipps’ death hit a standstill; the national Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity disbanded the Clemson chapter; and Hipps’ parents have filed wrongful death and survival action lawsuits against the fraternity, three members of the former Clemson fraternity, and Clemson University. All defendants have denied many of the allegations outlined in the lawsuit.

In August 2015, a new witness came forward alleging that Hipps had been ordered to walk along a narrow bridge railing as part of a hazing ritual before falling to his death.

Solicitor Chrissy Adams later released a statement calling the witness’ credibility into question and said the case was still at a halt.

The Hipps’ family’s attorney also released a statement saying the family was disappointed by the solicitor’s public remarks about the witness’ information and again asked anyone who knew what may have happened to Hipps to come forward.

On Tuesday, Sheriff Crenshaw released the following statement about the case.

The Oconee County Sheriff’s Office has received numerous media inquiries concerning the one year anniversary of the death of Tucker Hipps. Investigators with the Sheriff’s Office continue to follow up on any new leads obtained through Crime Stoppers or through direct contact with our unsolved case investigator. Additionally, SLED along with our Solicitor’s Office remain involved in the investigation.”

“At this time, the Sheriff’s Office has no new information to report concerning our investigation other that what we have released in the last year. Our focus and our efforts continue working toward a resolution in this case in order to be able to sit down with the Hipps family and explain the circumstances of Tucker’s death.

Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with the Hipps family during this difficult time.

The Sheriff’s Office continues to ask that if anyone has any information on this case that if they desire to remain anonymous, they can contact Crime Stoppers at 1-888-CRIME-SC. Or, individuals can contact our Unsolved Case Investigator, Dean Brown, at 864-718-1052.”

The Clemson University community will honor Hipps Tuesday evening during a prayer vigil and remembrance service at Clemson First Baptist Church. The service starts at 7 p.m.

PREVIOUSLY

By admin - Tue Sep 22, 8:37 pm 
 Edited by admin 
Rohan Ganeriwala 
 
Each year the number of students sitting for CAT and MAT increases. As chances of gaining admission to top institutes declines, students end up devoting years of study and preparation without realistic expectation of success. However, there are other options for students out there! If you want to be judged holistically, if you are a smart individual but bad test-taker, or if you are simply hankering for global exposure, applying abroad is your best route forward. 
 
Applying to top institutes overseas requires a combination of factors. The first are the exams—you may take either GRE/ GMAT as most colleges accept these tests. These tests are less comprehensive in material covered than the CAT and are only one part of your whole application. 
 
Students also need to prepare their professional CVs, speak to professors for recommendation letters, write individual essays for each college, and ready themselves for interviews. In the strongest applications, each of these components is well-rounded. 
 
Students may help themselves greatly by gaining experience in their respective field through internships and work experiences. Colleges often try to “look beyond the numbers,” for applicants—looking beyond just marks. Work experience, an understanding of one’s own caliber, and plentiful involvement with social projects and campus service all go toward strengthening the applicant’s profile 
 
It is important to receive right counseling in navigating these requirements. A good counselor can help shortlist colleges according to “fit,” i.e. through their suitability for individuals instead of blindly following rankings. Counseling can introduce you to programs like HBS 2+2 or YLP or even similar courses likes MIM, LBS etc. By working with an experienced mentor, you can maximize chances of admission by picking the right courses and the right schools. They can also help write essays showcasing yourself most positively, run through mock interviews with you, and keep your focus on the final goal—admission at a top university! A mentor can also help you apply to correct scholarships and funding sources, as expenses are a major concern for all applicants. Ensure your counselor is suggesting the best colleges for you, not their own pocket. 
 
There are many non-Indian options for higher education. If one does badly in CAT/GMAT/GRE, they can apply to Singapore/UK. Many colleges do not even require GMAT scores and only require undergraduate marks. However, you must be careful as both countries have several sub-standard institutions that are moneyspinners, not educational enterprises. But colleges like Bath, CASS, LSE, LBS, NUS, SMU, and NTU have tremendous value. 
 
For CAT you must prepare all year, and be judged on one exam. Since there is only one round a year, risks are high and students eventually have fewer choices. Applying to the US/UK’s top MBA programs allows for much more autonomy in the process. At the same time, you will be exposed to world-leading resources, cutting-edge facilities, global networking opportunities, and an international peer group. While it might seem scary, with the right guidance you can achieve admission to top MBA programs worldwide. 
 
The writer, Mr. Rohan Ganeriwala, is the Co-founder, of Collegify, an educational institute for study abroad)

It is wisteria blooming time in Australia. I love wisteria and at one house we used to have it trained along trellis sitting on top of the back fence but it is hard beast to keep under control. I seem to recall the blooms appear on two year old wood, so great care is needed when you go at it with an axe and chainsaw. Please don't bother bringing white wisteria into the post. Who cares about white wisteria. I am talking mauve wisteria, proper like init.
The Japanese like to torture control plants to a very fine degree and the results can be quite special.
Take a look here at a 145 year old wisteria to see what I mean. Just magical. Yes, you need to click the link where I say take a look 'here'.
Here is a little preview.

ShareTwitter Facebook Google+ Email 

Listen 

Listening... 

/ 

Originally published on September 23, 2015 7:53 am 

Copyright 2015 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/. 

North Carolina Public Radio - WUNC is created in partnership with: 

© 2015 WUNC 

Bringing The World Home To You 

120 Friday Center Dr | Chapel Hill, NC 27517 

91.5 Chapel Hill 

88.9 Manteo 

90.9 Rocky Mount

Listen 
 
NEW YORK 
 
Microsoft has given longtime executive Brad Smith the title of president, as the company continues its transition to a new generation of leadership. 
Smith’s full title will be president and chief legal officer. He has been Microsoft’s general counsel since 2002 and became an executive vice president in 2011.CEO Satya Nadella announced the appointment in an email to employees. Nadella said he wants Smith to play a bigger role in strengthening Microsoft’s relationships and representing the company publicly. Smith will help lead the company on issues like privacy, security and accessibility, he said. Smith, 56, joined Microsoft in 1993 and has held several other titles, including company secretary. 
Smith is a familiar face for investors because he has been a regular presence on the company’s investor conference calls for almost a decade, said industry analyst Katherine Egbert of Piper Jaffray. “It is interesting that they would put him as president of the company because he doesn’t come from the operational side,” she said. “I think it’s a promotion of someone who’s been a solid executive for them for a long time.” 
Shares of Microsoft Corp. rose 19 cents to $43.48 on Friday. The stock is down 7.5 percent over the last year. 
 
—AP 
 Share this: 
 

   Microsoft names Brad Smith president, chief legal officer

] AGTech Holdings (08279) said it is in 
 
preliminary discussions with an independent third party regarding a possible subscription 
 
by the potential investor of new securities of AGTech . 
 
The company had applied for the resumption of trading in shares this morning. (HL) 
 
(c) 2015 ET Net Limited. All rights reserved.  Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)., source Middle East & North African Newspapers

By  
	The Associated Press   
					Posted Sep. 1, 2015 @ 2:48 pm  
  FOX LAKE, Ill. — Law enforcement officials broadened the hunt Wednesday for three suspects in the fatal shooting of a popular veteran police officer in a small northern Illinois community.   Lake County Sheriff's Office spokesman Sgt. Christopher Covelli said hundreds of officers were involved in the exhaustive search in Fox Lake following the killing of Lt. Charles Joseph Gliniewicz on Tuesday morning. But to no avail. "That means we're not searching within that perimeter area anymore. The suspects were not within our perimeter," Covelli told The Associated Press Wednesday morning. "We had over 400 police officers out here yesterday. We had over 45 canine units and numerous aircraft," he said, adding that officers would now conduct "saturation patrols" in a wider area. Authorities from across the state and region joined the manhunt Tuesday in the village about 60 miles north of Chicago. Some wore tactical gear and toted high-powered rifles. Officers took up positions on rooftops and along railroad tracks, scanning the terrain with rifle scopes and binoculars. Others leaned out of helicopters with weapons at the ready. Federal agencies, SWAT teams and 48 police dogs assisted in the manhunt, Covelli said. Residents of the usually sleepy village were urged to stay indoors, and schools were on lockdown. In a statement late Tuesday, Covelli urged the community to reach out with tips and leads. Covelli said Gliniewicz radioed in Tuesday morning to tell dispatchers he was chasing three men on foot. Communication with him was lost soon after. Covelli said backup officers found him injured with a gunshot wound and that he died soon after. An emotional Fox Lake Mayor Donny Schmit described the slain officer as a personal friend, a three-decade member of the department and a father of four sons. "We lost a family member," Schmit said of the 52-year-old officer known around town as "GI Joe." ''His commitment to the people of this community has been unmatched and will be dearly missed." The area near the Wisconsin border area is popular for boating and other outdoor pursuits because of its forest preserves and a chain of lakes that partly encircles Fox Lake. Some longtime city dwellers move to the region for what is normally a quieter lifestyle. Authorities urged residents to stay home while they searched for the suspects, two of them white and the other black. Commuter train service was halted, and residents who wanted to take their dogs out to relieve themselves were told to stay inside, with the job of walking the pets handled by police officers. Several schools were locked down Tuesday, and seven cancelled classes on Wednesday, Covelli said. Gliniewicz's death is the third law enforcement fatality in Illinois this year, according to the Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund. It says firearms-related deaths in the U.S. are down 13 percent this year compared to the same period last year, Jan. 1. to Sept. 1; there were 30 last year and 26 this year. Fox Lake residents expressed sorrow at the death of the immensely popular Gliniewicz. "This particular officer is a pillar in my community and (is) definitely going to be missed, and (he) touched so many lives," said Gina Maria, a 40-year-old teacher. Dozens gathered for hours along a street in the village to show their support for law enforcement officers. Thirty-year-old Dan Raminick, who held a sign reading "Police Lives Matter," said officers came by Tuesday evening and thanked the crowd. Caitlyn Kelly, a 22-year-old student, said she felt compelled to come out after other recent police shootings. She held a sign that said "Blue and Brave."

The story of Fleetwood’s Gerard Kinsella, banned after his taxi-driver cousin injected him with an unknown substance that proved to be nandrolone, shows insecurity can lead to fateful decisionsA few years back, a Premier League club found themselves in a moral dilemma because one of their academy players was creating problems behind the scenes. The boy was talented enough to have a chance of a successful career. But his behaviour was erratic and showed no sign of improvement. It went on long enough for psychiatric reports to be ordered and the prognosis was that he had a disorder – possibly ADHD – that needed medication.The problem for the club was that some of the drugs were prohibited, meaning that if he took them he could not continue as a footballer and would have to be cut free. That left the club with two choices: go with the medical opinion or ...

In part 1 of this series I discussed the deeply discounted preferred shares of National Bank of Greece (NYSE:NBG) and the bank’s difficult path forward. Here, I’ll take a look at the deeply discounted preferred shares of Fannie Mae (OTCQB:FNMA) which have some similarities but a lot more differences. Background Most people know Fannie Mae and its cousin Freddie Mac (OTCQB:FMCC) as two companies that required a massive bailout and were taken over by the government. But there is much more to the story. Instead of actually acquiring all the equity of Fannie and Freddie, the Treasury acquired a senior preferred stock stake with a 10% dividend and warrants to purchase 79.9% of the common stock of each. In 2012, the Treasury modified the agreement ending the 10% dividend and replacing it with a net worth sweep where payments would not count towards reducing the outstanding Treasury-owned preferred stock. Since then, profits at Fannie and Freddie have surged and the companies have returned more money to the Treasury than they were provided in total. Despite this, dividends on the privately-owned preferred shares remain suspended since all profits are still taken in the net worth sweep. Prospects Under the status quo, the preferreds have no value except as bets on a change since there would not be any profits left at the company to pay them. But a variety of stakeholders from hedge fund managers to consumer advocates are challenging the legality of the net worth sweep in the courts and even proposing their own solutions. At the same time, political plans are being drawn up to reform the mortgage system with varying outcomes for Fannie and Freddie stakeholders. Full recovery Like most large financial firms, Fannie Mae has a long list of preferred series but all of them have their dividends suspended, trade around 15 cents on the dollar, and are not convertible (with the exception of the $100,000 liquidation value convertible FNMFO shares). This implies a potential gain of 550% to liquidation value. Full recovery to liquidation value would require the dividends to be restored which could only happen after the net worth sweep is ended. I won’t go into an extended legal discussion as many SA authors have already done an excellent job of this but to summarize it would likely require a court to find the 2012 amendment that created the net worth sweep to be overturned. There is also the possibility that Congress could take action to end the net worth sweep as part of a broad-based mortgage reform package. However, given that current plans have relied upon wiping out private investors, I view a political solution as far less likely. Delayed recovery It is important to recognize that the return to liquidation value would not immediately follow an end of the net worth sweep. Fannie and Freddie would likely have to grow capital levels to create a capital cushion to protect against a future mortgage downturn. Bill Ackman, manager of Pershing Square (OTCPK:PSHZF), has proposed a 2.5% requirement but that would still require a few years to raise done solely through retained earnings. Since the preferred shares are non-cumulative, Fannie Mae may choose to keep preferred dividends suspended until capital levels are rebuilt. With preferred dividends suspended but the net worth sweep ended, I would expect the preferred shares to trade at around 75 cents on the dollar until dividends are restored. This valuation would be similar to those of the preferred shares of Royal Bank of Scotland (NYSE:RBS) and National Bank of Greece when the dividend remained suspended but a reinstatement appeared near. This situation would imply roughly 400% upside from current levels. Settlement or conversion to common As the plaintiffs continue to press their claims against the net worth sweep, the government may choose to opt for a settlement rather than pursue a long costly case it may end up losing. It’s unknown what valuation a settlement would offer although the plaintiffs are likely to push for a substantial sum given the amount they have invested in Fannie and Freddie. A settlement could also come in multiple forms including an upfront cash payment, conversion to common shares, or rolling into a new class of preferred. Recently Dick Bove speculated that a settlement in the Fannie and Freddie cases may be near based on request from the White House. In my view, this is just speculation and not necessarily indicative of an upcoming settlement. However, this does not mean a settlement can be ruled out now or in the future. Wipeout Fannie and Freddie preferred are trading at 15 cents on the dollar for two main reasons: The potential for total loss and the potential for a resolution to take several years. Until the net worth sweep is ended, these preferreds only have value as bets on a potential future outcome. This does not necessarily make them bad investments but without a change to the net worth sweep investors have little chance at receiving capital appreciation or dividends. The preferred also have the potential for total loss in the event that the plaintiffs lose their cases or give up for any reason. Given what the plaintiffs have invested, I expect them to pursue their cases to the end but circumstances can change so a change in strategy cannot be ruled out. The plaintiffs could also lose their legal cases since courts are unpredictable and could interpret the law in multiple ways. At that point, investors would be reliant upon a much less likely solution from Congress that gives private investors value. Fannie Mae preferred takeaway Although the preferred dividends remain suspended, the company could easily pay them if the net worth sweep was ended. However, the current legal and political situation throws a lot of risk and uncertainty into these shares causing them to trade at a significant discount. As with most preferreds at 15 cents on the dollar, Fannie Mae preferreds remain a speculative investment. But those with a long-term investment horizon and a tolerance for risk may want to consider a position in these shares. Editor’s Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Disclosure: I am/we are long FNMAM. (More…)I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Additional disclosure: The author does not guarantee the performance of any investments and potential investors should always do their own due diligence before making any investment decisions. Although the author believes that the information presented here is correct to the best of his knowledge, no warranties are made and potential investors should always conduct their own independent research before making any investment decisions. Investing carries risk of loss and is not suitable for all individuals.

A ten-strong team from Birmingham law firm Shakespeare Martineau will be raising cash for Birmingham Children's Hospital next month. 
 
The runners, which include chief executive Andy Raynor, have signed up to the Morrisons Great Birmingham Run Business Challenge and will also be fund-raising for Newlife Foundation for Disabled Children. 
 
Departments across the firm which will be represented at the half marathon on October 18 including employment, real estate and litigation. 
 
Team co-ordinator Abigail Halcarz said: "We are hoping to raise as much as possible for two extremely important causes. 
 
"Training is well under way and we are determined to have an average finishing time of under two hours." 
 
Business Challenge teams must be a minimum of four people and a maximum of eight but companies can enter as many teams as they want in male, female or mixed-sex categories. 
 
Mixed teams must have a minimum of two men and two women. 
 
Team members must be 16 years of age or over on race day and placings are based on the accumulated first four finishing times in each team. 
 
Every team that enters 12 or more employees will receive their own personalised company engraved plaque. 
 
Visit www.greatrun.org/Birmingham for more details and to enter the Great Birmingham Run.

Let me introduce you to my life savior ! 
 
Like most of you, social media is now undeniably part of my life – rather than just an addition to my life. As there’s more and more social media app coming out, the amount of data consumed also increase tremendously. Hence, a good internet data plan is crucially important. 
 
I will need a 7GB data per month! & there’s where Postpaid P70 Hero plan came into my rescue. 
The HERO P70 Postpaid plan does look really good. Let’s see! 
Every day, I would spend hours on my …. 
 
#1 Instagram 
 
Uploading images from my phone. & refreshing my feed over and over again. 
 
If you realize, Instagram has also introduced auto-playing video, which is a feature that can really consume a fair amount of your data plan if left unchecked, especially if you are following a lot of people who post video on Instagram. T.T 
 
 
#2 Facebook 
 
It’s literally my newspaper. I will definitely scroll through my whole feed to get myself updated on what’s happening around the world every single day, which has quietly suck up a lot of my data. (p.s. – facebook now preloading all videos =.=) 
 
 
#3 Snapchat 
 
How snapchat drained up your data? 
1GB of data is only sufficient for about 1000 views of “My Story”. 
 
I started by viewing my idol’s snap, it’s like watching them in real life. Following them to places they dine, they travel to, etc. (& that is already about 300 views per day. Lol.) 
 
Then I started snapping too. Unlike Instagram, you don’t need to select the correct filter to make your feed looks good, it’s so convenient and real. Video definitely tells better story than a photo, especially when you travel! 
 
I thought RM38/day roaming is cheap until I discover U Mobile P70 Hero , I get 50MB of free internet roaming every day on my travels, & daily roaming charges go as low as RM30/day. Probably the cheapest I’ve seen so far. 
 
 
#4 Blog – WordPress. 
 
I normally spend 4-5 hours to complete one blog post. & ever since I started working, I can no longer afford to spend the amount of time sitting in a café to finish up one blog post. Therefore, I got to squeeze time out to blog during lunch break, or during any free time I have. 
 
With that, I will need a lot of data to upload all the images to my WordPress. 
& to save time, I certainly need U Mobile P70 Hero’s high speed internet! 
 
 
#5 Dayre 
 
Bit size blogging. 
 
I would love to blog about E V E R Y T H I N G, genuinely. But like many of us, I started to cut down blogging bit by bit, judging whether this and that is blog worthy. ): 
 
Thank God for Dayre, I found a place to fulfil my passion for story telling! 
But there’s a price to pay – it’s going to be a big hit against the data plan! 
 
 
#6 17 
 
The new hype, one of the most popular video chat app now! 
A real-time wireless video chat. 
 
As you chat, & as you receive the love from your audience; 
you will also be receiving a massive internet bill too! Haha. 
 
Lucky me, I can now live stream with peace of mind with U Mobile P70 Hero. 
 
 
#7 Shopee 
 
My webstore. 
Not just eating up my data as I upload new products, I also spent a lot of money calling my buyers. 
 
I definitely need a plan that gives unlimited FREE calls & FREE SMS to all networks! 
& that’s how U Mobile P70 Hero does it wonders. 
 
 
“According to Cisco’s online VNI Services Gauge Tool, one hour of browsing through social media can use up 90 megabytes, which is more than twice the amount of data that streaming music uses in the standard “normal” quality per hour.” 
 
As much as we know how much data these social media app is using, we couldn’t live without it. Like I said, it’s already part of us! 
 
Therefore social media addicts like us, often face the frustration of insufficient data, and the need to top up our internet quota so frequently. It’s unavoidable. 
 
 
But, all frustrations and problems solved when I ported over to U Mobile P70 Hero. 
 
This 7GB data is sufficient for me to freely use all the above mentioned social media apps. & it’s only RM70 per month, what a steal! Definitely the most valuable plan I had! 
 
Let’s conclude, by paying RM70/month, I now enjoy: 
– Unlimited FREE calls to all networks 
– 7GB High speed internet quota 
– NO contract (no longer get lock down to a 2yrs contract) 
– Free 50MB internet roaming, daily roaming charges of as low as RM30/day 
 
 
Well, if you don’t think you are able to finish up all the 7GB of date, you can actually share your internet quota with up to 2 others SIMs. Now this is interesting! 
 
If you are interested to find out more about this HERO , do visit them at: 
 https://www.u.com.my/postpaid 
 
You surely deserve a better postpaid plan!

Renewable energy is developed from renewable sources such as Solar, Wind, Hydroelectric, Geothermal and Biomass. These are the sources which do not deplete upon use, whereas conventional energy sources such as Fossil Fuels (Oil, Gas and Coal) are constantly exhausting due to being limited in quantity and continually increasing consumption. A study reveals that the Fossil fuels currently available for consumption might last only until 2050, if they are continuedly consumed at the present rate. This is because they are definitely a finite quantity, and also because the rate of discovery of new sites and their extraction is lower than the current rate of their consumption. The most astonishing fact is that what's going to happen when we don't have an alternative at hand, keeping in view that 85% of our current energy needs are met from the fossil fuel sources. Why conventional energy sources must be replaced with renewables? Besides the threat of their complete extinguishing one day, the fossil fuels are a major cause of disturbing our ecosystem because they cause environmental pollution, Carbon emissions (resulting in global warming and Climate Change) and increasing health hazards (thus causing more healthcare expenditure). These environmental disturbances are a major background to the extreme weathers, rising sea levels becoming floods, frequent earthquakes and destruction; thus increasing costs on infrastructure maintenance and recovery. Although Energy production from the conventional sources is relatively cheap, the reason being these are abundantly available in many parts of the world, yet the world is forced to look towards energy alternatives due to their backdrops and extinguishing quantity.
Another plus point of renewables is that a common man can easily have a setup of renewable energy sources to meet the domestic energy needs and thus avoid being a burden on the national grid, hence contributing to saving national costs. For example, installing Solar Panels on rooftops can help a great deal in lowering or minimizing the electricity bills we pay to our national departments. While, the common man cannot setup high costing and infrastructure rich coal-powered electricity generating plants or thermal power plants for meeting the domestic energy needs.
We also need to be aware that the equipment deployed in generating renewable energy is also produced by consuming fossil fuel energy, thus the world should be quick in producing enough alternative energy equipment before the fossil fuel sources perish.
Comparing energy production costs of conventional and renewable energy sources At present, the cost of energy production from renewable sources is relatively more than that of energy production from fossil fuels. This is because the renewable energy equipment is not being produced abundantly, whereas conventional energy sources are abundantly available and being utilized. But what needs to be looked at is the long-term cost of both the alternative choices. If we need a safe environment for our coming generations (and we definitely do) along with ample assurances that they live in peace and rest, we need to take steps that if otherwise not taken would lead them to disasters and wars.
Taking the present and future costs of maintaining infrastructure, health and ecosystem (destroyed by energy production from fossil fuels) into consideration, it is evident that we are wasting a lot of resources and time that we could avoid by employing alternative energy production from Wind, Solar, Hydroelectric, Geothermal and Biomass.
Produced by Solarwow.co.uk
Source

Twelve-year-old British student Lydia Sebastian might be one of the smartest people in the world, after getting a perfect score of 162 on Mensa's Cattell III B exam. 
 
That score suggests she has a higher IQ than well-known geniuses Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking 
 
"I don't think I can be compared to such great intellectuals such as Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking. They've achieved so much. I don't think it's right," Lydia told CNN.

[embedded content] 
 
Troye Sivan has a few dedicated fans, to say the least. 
 
As a singer-actor- YouTuber with a very modest following on his channel (just kidding, 3.5+ million subscribers and counting), the burgeoning “Happy Little Pill” star has amassed a fiercely loyal fanbase (cult?) that worships at the altar of all things Troye; his impeccably styled hair alone enough to reduce a person to indecipherable, caps-locked shaking and crying. The result of that kind of feverish fandom, of course, is a torrent of furiously typed, objectively insane comments. 
 
Ahead of the release of his upcoming WILD EP tomorrow (September 4) — he’ll be walking us through the making of the EP in detail tomorrow, by the way — we asked the TRXYE singer to sit down and read through a few particular gems from his Twitter mentions and YouTube comments. 
 
The thirst for new music is real…and it’s safe to say that he’ll require a full security team in Malaysia. 
 
Check out Troye’s reaction to Stuff Fans Say up top, and be sure to check back here tomorrow to watch him walk us through the making of the WILD EP . 
 

 
Next: Troye Sivan to Release 'WILD' EP

REGATA CARTAGINESES Y ROMANOS 2015 CLASE OPTIMIST RankCATPATROCINADORNº VELAClubPATRONR1Total 1stBSPAR SURESTE2185R.C.R. CARTAGENAJAVIER JORGE GARCIA LAGE1.01.0 2ndBSPAR SURESTE1476R.C.R. CARTAGENAMARINA LEON FORCA2.02.0 3rdB 2577R.C.R. CARTAGENAALEJANDRO CEREZO3.03.0 4thA 5CN VILLA DE SAN PEDRODIEGO LOPEZ ORTIZ4.04.0 5thASPAR SURESTE2184R.C.R. CARTAGENASILVIA ISABEL GARCIA LAGE5.05.0 6thBSPAR SURESTE1904R.C.R. CARTAGENAHUGO RODRIGEZ MARTIN6.06.0 7thC 1642C N LOS NIETOSMARTA VALVERDE7.07.0 8thASPAR SURESTE1908R.C.R. CARTAGENACARLOS LOPEZ CANTOS8.08.0 9thBSPAR SURESTE2249R.C.R. CARTAGENAPAULA MORCILLO GRIS9.09.0 10th  2525CN MAR MENORDAVID GAMBIN PEREZ10.010.0 11thBSPAR SURESTE2800R.C.R. CARTAGENACARLOTA LEON FORCA11.011.0 12thBSPAR SURESTE2109R.C.R. CARTAGENASARA FERNANDEZ MARTINEZ12.012.0 13thA 357C N LOS NIETOSHELENA SANCHEZ SOLANO13.013.0 14thB 1178R.C.R. CARTAGENAGERMAN VILLALVA14.014.0 15thB 2174C N LOS NIETOSANDRES PEREZ15.015.0 16thB 1465CN MAR MENORMANUEL GARCIA LORENTE16.016.0 17thA 1922C N LOS NIETOSALEJANDRO MARTINEZ MORENO17.017.0 18thBSPAR SURESTE9643R.C.R. CARTAGENACRISTINA FORCA TEROL18.018.0 19thASPAR SURESTE1906R.C.R. CARTAGENAHECTOR LOPEZ PALACIOS19.019.0 20thCSPAR SURESTE1796R.C.R. CARTAGENAGONZALO GARCIA COELLO20.020.0 21stC 1791C N LOS NIETOSMARIO MAESTRE21.021.0 22ndC 2078CN MAR MENORDAVID GAMBIN PEREZ22.022.0 23rdA 2512CN VILLA DE SAN PEDROJORGE JUARISTI RUA23.023.0 24thCSPAR SURESTE1233R.C.R. CARTAGENAAITANA BAEZA24.024.0 25thBSPAR SURESTE778R.C.R. CARTAGENAALEX BAEZA25.025.0 26thC 2482CN VILLA DE SAN PEDROPEDRO PEÑALVER RUIZ26.026.0 27thB 1041CN VILLA DE SAN PEDROGUILLERMO GARCIA BELTRI27.027.0 28thC 1648C N LOS NIETOSMARTA SOLANO GARCIA28.028.0 29thCSPAR SURESTE344R.C.R. CARTAGENAALVARO RAUL GARCIA SANCHEZ29.029.0 30thCSPAR SURESTE2071R.C.R. CARTAGENADANEL MOLINA MATEOS30.030.0 31stBSPAR SURESTE2579R.C.R. CARTAGENAALVARO LOPEZ MONTOYA31.031.0 32ndC 1798C N LOS NIETOSISABEL PIÑANA LOPEZ32.032.0 33rdB 591CN MAR MENORANDREA BALIBREA CARACENA33.033.0 34thB 765CN MAR MENORPABLO ASENSIO MUÑOZ34.034.0 35thB 404CN MAR MENORMARIA RUIZ GALERA35.035.0 36thC 1533CN MAR MENORJOSE M JUSTICIA BAÑO36.036.0 37thC 1693CN MAR MENORHUGO LEON MARTINEZ37.037.0 38thC 1881CN MAR MENORSILVIA RUIZ GALERA38.038.0 39th     50.0 DNC50.0 39thC 128R.C.R. CARTAGENACARMEN BALIBREA CARACENA50.0 DNC50.0 39th     50.0 DNC50.0 39th     50.0 DNC50.0 39thCSPAR SURESTE1530R.C.R. CARTAGENACLARA GONZALEZ BELIZON50.0 DNC50.0 39thCSPAR SURESTE3R.C.R. CARTAGENAVICTOR MARTINEZ BERNAL50.0 DNC50.0 39thC FRA 130C N LOS NIETOSJOSE ISMAEL MARIN50.0 DNC50.0 39thBSPAR SURESTE153R.C.R. CARTAGENAGERMAN VILLALBA50.0 DNC50.0 39thBSPAR SURESTE1234R.C.R. CARTAGENAVALERIA CAGIGAS GABRIEL50.0 DNC50.0 39thBSPAR SURESTE1839R.C.R. CARTAGENACARMEN FORCA TEROL50.0 DNC50.0 39thCSPAR SURESTE653R.C.R. CARTAGENALUCIA LOPEZ CANTOS50.0 DNC50.0 www.regatasrcrc.blogspot.com
Sailwave Scoring Software 2.9.7 LASER 4.7 PATROCINADORNº VELAClubPATRONR1R2TotalNett SPAR SURESTE183423RCR CARTAGENACARLOS MARTINEZ BERNAL2.03.05.05.0  209181CN NIETOSFINN MULLEE1.06.07.07.0  181394CN NIETOSJOSE ANTONIO ELIA7.01.08.08.0  147921CN NIETOSPATRICIA MARTINEZ COPETE3.05.08.08.0  189454CN NIETOSDOMINGO VERDU CLEMENTE5.04.09.09.0  26940CN NIETOSJERAY MAQUEDA8.02.010.010.0 SPAR SURESTE195166RCR CARTAGENABARBARA RODRIGUEZ4.07.011.011.0  185310CN NIETOSJORJE JUAN SORIANO GOMEZ6.08.014.014.0  181389CN NIETOSSALVADOR PELEGRIN9.09.018.018.0  165437CN NIETOSPABLO TOMAS MORENO10.010.020.020.0  

Sageworks’ new Electronic Tax Return Reader automatically imports data, improving efficiency and accuracy. 
 

The $2.1 billion, Briarwood, N.Y.-based Melrose Credit Union is giving rave reviews of its experience with the Raleigh, N.C.-based Sageworks’ new Electronic Tax Return Reader, which the credit union said helps improve underwriting efficiency. 

Sageworks introduced the Electronic Tax Return Reader as a major time-saving enhancement to its suite of credit risk management solutions for financial institutions. The complimentary upgrade automatically imports data from borrowers’ tax returns. 

“I am ecstatic with this product so far,” Steven Krauser, senior vice president of retail operations for Melrose CU, told CU Times . 

He explained that because the credit union's lending portfolio is so diverse, systematizing the evaluation of its underwriting process was a priority. Based on the NCUA's requirements, the credit union needed to provide the matrix for evaluating a loan in a standardized manner across all product lines. 

Krauser, who joined Melrose CU about a year ago, explained one of his goals was to study what the credit union could do better and began researching software that would allow him to do that. 

“We started in business in 1922 in taxi medallion financing,” Krauser said. “We have a significant portfolio in that. That is one reason we wanted to get involved in this.” 

The credit union also desired the ability to flag any problems in advance by adjusting and stress testing its portfolio, and to quantify and maintain its methodology. 

Melrose CU, which has an open charter and one branch, investigated which lending modules would integrate with its core system's existing data as well as standardize underwriting within its departments. The Sageworks suite, Krauser explained, allows the credit union to stress test its portfolio based on numerous factors such as loan to value, debt service coverage ratio changes and interest rate increases. 

The credit union started fully underwriting with the system on Aug. 4, 2015. 

“The quality of the underwriting analysis has increased dramatically,” Krauser pointed out, adding that the timesaving benefit will come later on. “The reason it is not there yet is that it is new and we’re still learning what to do, so there still is a learning curve.” 

Libby Berman, an analyst for Sageworks, said, “Our bread and butter at Sageworks has always been commercial loans and business lending, so the tax packages we support are mostly those commercial properties that accounting firms used for their businesses. We supply our financial institution clients with products that help them comply with regulations and improve their efficiency.” 

The Electronic Tax Return Reader works by optically “reading” electronic tax returns produced by many common tax packages, allowing for the creation of digital returns in the Sageworks system, where other financial information is also imported and stored. The program also benefits credit departments that analyze commercial real estate borrower information, as it also automatically populates Schedule E financial information for real estate properties. 

Sageworks said the enhancement allows credit unions to save a significant amount of time. 

“Our users are spending about 30 minutes per return on average, and obviously, some tax returns are much more complex with many real estate properties,” Berman pointed out. 

Through this program and its technology, that time can be pared down to two to three minutes, he said. 

“I don't know that a lot of our clients even knew this technology was feasible,” Berman added. “It has just been a recurring theme since we got into the credit analysis business, making sure that data was accurate and entered quickly. It is something people kind of expected. This will proactively solve most of those problems.” 

In addition to saving users time, the Electronic Tax Return Reader aims to reduce errors that can occur during the manual data entry process, and ensure consistency and accuracy during the production of commercial borrower spreads within the Sageworks Credit Analysis tool. For applicable tax returns, the technology ensures different analysts across an institution are inputting data the same way, which helps give credit unions a strong defense during exams. 

Berman said Sageworks also helps clients maintain consistency. 

“In the past, maybe there were multiple people entering data, and it is very easy to transpose numbers or enter something on the wrong line,” he explained. “The auto import helps eliminate inconsistencies and errors. The system also allows the financial institution the capability to go back in and make adjustments.” 

Melrose CU implemented Sageworks’ entire suite of cloud-based products about three and a half months ago, Krauser said. 

“Within that time, we were able to learn it, train our people, create a test site, play with it and then map our fields from our core system into the Sageworks system,” he noted. 

Krauser said Sageworks performs all calculations for Melrose CU. 

“It gives us the debt to service coverage ratio, loan to value and matrix on individual loans that we are doing, plus it gives us all the same information on global cash flow for those individuals and does it for our entire portfolio on that individual. So if you have a loan here and you are asking for a car loan, we can do the analysis on that car loan to see if it makes [financial] sense.” 

Currently, Melrose CU uses Sageworks’ tools for its commercial real estate department, taxi medallion lending area and business services unit. Krauser explained the credit union will eventually introduce Sageworks into its personal lending area as well, but first, it wants to gain full confidence using the tools for the largest portion of its lending business. 

“We have a real robust program here, and we want to make sure we have all the pieces and understand the full breadth and depth of it before we introduce it into other aspects,” Krauser said. “It is really a great automation of the process.” 

Scott Ogle, CEO for Sageworks, noted, “Sageworks offers solutions that simplify the complex processes that financial institutions handle every day. A key objective when developing or enhancing our solutions is to maximize time and efficiency. With our customer needs in mind, we developed the Electronic Tax Return Reader to become an integral component of each of our banking solutions, as it will save hours of manual data entry over the life of the solution.” 

Sageworks Credit Analysis allows credit unions to book loans faster, and with consistency and transparency, while also managing risk, the company said. The global cash flow analysis solution presents tax return input screens that create spreads, dynamic narrative analysis and customizable credit memos. 

“This is also important to those credit unions that are getting into more member business lending, who may not feel they have the right staff in place,” Berman asserted. “They can use a program like this to take care of some of the more manual work and allocate time more effectively to the actual analysis.” 

Berman pointed out the credit analysis tool also helps credit unions prepare for exams, especially those that had trouble in the past with credit decision inconsistencies and file errors.

FRANKFURT, Germany--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Tenneco (NYSE:TEN) today unveiled its latest generation of electronically controlled valves at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show. The valves, which are designed to support low pressure exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) for diesel engines and acoustic tuning for gasoline engines, feature a unique new modular design which offers vehicle manufacturers custom flexibility and adaptability for any engine architecture. 

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150916005157/en/ 

Tenneco's latest generation electronic valves feature a unique new modular design, which offers vehicle manufacturers custom flexibility and adaptability for any engine architecture. (Photo: Business Wire) 

"We've seen a dramatic shift with our valve technology since its introduction just three years ago," said Tim Jackson, executive vice president and chief technology officer, Tenneco. "Tenneco's latest generation valve has evolved to a modular, scalable design that is lightweight, can be easily packaged to fit within any engine architecture and offers on-demand customization, which provides significant cost and time savings for customers. Additionally, the valve can accommodate exhaust temperature specifications up to 750°C for EGR applications, which enables efficient NOx reduction - even with highly loaded engine conditions and high return flow rates." Tenneco's latest generation valve features a dynamic flap control designed to generate optimal pressure conditions for efficient EGR and also provides fail-safe operation. The actuator is interchangeable using a simple mounting concept without any loose interface components and the valve's flexible actuator orientation allows for simple installation in any engine control environment, without the need to change parts. 

The valve delivers important acoustical benefits as well. Whether during engine start or while idling, the flap minimizes internal leakage, which helps to optimize sound quality. The electronically controlled variable flap remains closed during normal driving conditions for a quieter ride and opens during harder acceleration, creating lower backpressure, higher attenuation and more engine power for maximum efficiency. 

"Tenneco's new valve design serves as another important example of how our emissions technologies serve as enablers for improving fuel efficiency and helping customers meet important emissions regulations like EU6c, while maximizing engine performance," Jackson said. "In the future, we'll continue to see valve technology evolve into hotter areas of the vehicle and we are already in development with valves that provide exhaust heat recovery solutions to address that need." 

Tenneco is displaying these and other clean air and ride performance technologies at its exhibit during the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show, September 15-27, Hall 5.1, Stand A20. 

Tenneco is an $8.4 billion global manufacturing company with headquarters in Lake Forest, Illinois and approximately 29,000 employees worldwide.Tenneco is one of the world's largest designers, manufacturers and marketers of clean air and ride performance products and systems for automotive and commercial vehicle original equipment markets and the aftermarket.Tenneco's principal brand names are Monroe®, Walker®, XNOx™ and Clevite®Elastomer. View source version on businesswire.com: 

Source: Tenneco

We reported previously on the closure of the Ottowa branch of Silver Snail Comics at 391 Bank Street. Its last day will be on September 13th.There did seem to be some politics involved with the situation… 
 
Well, one of the staff hasn’t let it go and is setting up their own store. 
 
Heather MacDonald will open  Comet Comics  on 1167 Bank St, a half hour walk down the street, at the end of the month. Expect to see a number of familiar faces working in the store.. 
 
You can sign up to the mailing list here… 
 
  
 
Staff Of Closed Silver Snail Shop Open Their Own Store, Comet Comics, In Ottowa

Updated: 1:00 p.m. Friday, Sept. 25, 2015 | Posted: 12:07 p.m. Friday, Sept. 25, 2015 

Inc.com 

Nancy Meyers' new film hits the silver screen this weekend. At its core, 'The Intern' is an honest look into what startup culture gets right, and what it loses by devaluing older voices. 

Read full story

Marcus Trescothick will extend his famous career into a 24th season after agreeing a new contract with Somerset. 
 
Club captain Trescothick, who will be 40 on Christmas Day, has played for his native county since making his first-class debut as a teenager in 1993. 
 
The 2005 Ashes-winning opener is one of four players to have signed new deals at Somerset, who have confirmed a one-year contract for him and two-year agreements with Max Waller, Jack Leach and Josh Davey. 
 
Somerset director of cricket Matt Maynard said: "Marcus is the absolute model professional and has contributed a tremendous amount to this club. 
   
 Share article  
   
"While he is coming to the twilight of his career on the field, his experience and knowledge are second to none and he still has a very important role to play at Somerset both on and off the field." 
 
Trescothick played more than 200 times for his country across the formats, including 76 Test caps, and has 56 first-class hundreds.

Willis Group Holdings and American International Group, Inc. have launched “Evergreen,” described as “an innovative, new approach to insurance that removes the need for annual policy renewal – the first UK mid-market offering with no renewal date that covers major insurance classes under one contract.”

The new product, developed by Willis and underwritten by AIG, “continues indefinitely, reduces frictional costs and cuts out time consuming administration at renewal,” the announcement said. “Regular reviews ensure the correct level of protection is maintained at all times, complemented by risk management support.”

Evergreen also provides a six month cancellation clause, which “gives clients greater flexibility and freedom compared to a traditional annual insurance policy that cannot be cancelled after inception.”

Nicolas Aubert, CEO of Willis GB, described Evergreen as an “evolution of the insurance policy;” adding that it “represents real innovation in the way we service our mid-market clients. It provides all the benefits of standard insurance but removes the requirement for an annual renewal.

“In turn, this frees up time – for the client and their risk partner – to focus exclusively on understanding the business critical risk issues. Our clients are looking for solutions that add real value to their organizations. Evergreen does just that. It forms part of our commitment to offer our clients the best and most innovative solutions available that will build resilience so they can realize their ambitions.”

Jacqueline McNamee, UK Managing Director of AIG, stressed the “innovative solutions” represented by the policy; adding that it was created “in partnership with brokers.” It provides both risk management and reduces “administrative costs associated with the annual renewal process.”

She also indicated that the policy not only delivers “more value to the customer but it further strengthens their relationships with their broker and insurer by embedding the discipline of reviewing their insurance and risk management needs when change occurs not just for an annual renewal.”

Source: Willis Group Holdings

IT seems Instagrammers from Runcorn and Widnes really know how to capture the area in its best light. 
 
So here's our pick of the best photos of Runcorn and Widnes on Instagram. 
 
To follow the Runcorn and Widnes World on Instagram, click here   
  ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>    Promoted stories    ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>   ]]>    
 Share article

Britain needs to make a bold gesture similar to Kindertransport to help address the humanitarian crisis engulfing Europe, the former chief rabbi has said. Jonathan Sacks said it was time for human compassion to triumph in the same way as the scheme that saved thousands of Jewish children before the second world war broke out. He said that a “very clear and conspicuous humanitarian gesture, like Kindertransport” would help to achieve that aim. “Europe is being tested as it has not been tested since the second world war … The European Union was created as a way of saying that we recognise human rights, after the catastrophe of two world wars and the Holocaust, and it’s very chilling to see some of these scenarios being re-enacted,” Lord Sacks told BBC2’s Newsnight on Thursday. Related: Cameron bows to pressure to allow more Syrian refugees into Britain He believes that the UK could accommodate 10,000 displaced people: “It’s a figure to which Britain would respond. The churches, the religious groups, the charities would all join in, and I think we would be better for doing that.” Meanwhile, former home secretary David Blunkett said the UK had a moral obligation to take about 25,000 refugees – which was still a fraction of Germany’s total. “We should concentrate on those coming through Turkey, who have been persecuted and ejected from Syria, and we should concentrate on women and children,” he said. While a global response was needed, Blunkett added: “If we are going to be taken seriously by anybody as a nation in putting that programme together, we are going to have to face the challenge of taking refugees in very large numbers ourselves.” Oxfam chief executive Mark Goldring said: “Offering to resettle 10,000 Syrian refugees would bring the UK in line with other European countries who have already shown leadership in offering a haven to vulnerable refugees.” He said he hoped that the government would clarify as soon as possible the number of refugees from Syria the UK would resettle and by what date.

I couldn't find any thread about Cricket, so i made one. Discuss Cricket, coming tours etc,etc. Share videos, images anything here. I wanted to make a thread on some great tribute videos i wanted to share. hope you guys enjoy. I know i have share the first video, but it's so cool i am forced to share it again and again... 
 @Slav... 
 
 General Cricket thread

wincherella:


hisnamewasbeanni:


lugofrombananacountry:


listenlearninspireteach:


everyfiredies:


justteach:


andimtheteacher:


vwalker:


elviajedelaesperanza:


ordinarily-beautiful:


buthavenotlove:


Do you have to submit your lesson plans? Is that NOT a thing everywhere?!?? We have to submit them to Google classroom (last year it was Google drive) by Sunday at 6pm. I teach in Louisiana. Reblog, answer and say what state/region you teach in! I’m curious… 


At my old school in NC yes we were required to submit them. In CO we have to have a plan book out on the off chance someone asks to see it, but no one has asked yet.


At my first school in ND I didn’t have to. This year We submit them weekly- every other teacher in the school prints them off and turns them in, I just share a Doc online with all of my plans and materials linked in, but it has to be done by Friday evening. I’m in IL now.


Nope, no submitting lesson plans. We do post a bare bones summary of the day’s lesson on Schoology, but that’s like “Journal, quotations, reading.” plus any homework attachments. (I’m in MN.) 


We are required to maintain a class website with weekly posted lesson agendas on it, so technically, yes. But I’ve never once been asked a question about what I’ve posted or had anyone notice when I posted late or forgot to post other than parents, so I don’t think anyone in admin is actually looking at them. I’m in TX.


We are not required to submit lesson plans (I teach at a private school). 


No lesson plan submission requirement here, or any other secondary schools in the area that I know of. I’m in the in Bay Area in CA, and teach at a high school.


Yes weekly lesson plans required with hooks, activities, I can statements, standards addressed, etc. must be posted to our server by Monday at 8am. Atlanta, GA area


Nope. We’re trusted to be professionals was what I was told when I got hired. I’m in Maryland near DC. 


Down here in Straya (or at least in my state) we’re not asked to submit lesson plans once we stop being students.


Not weekly or daily lesson plans, although we are expected to have our day plan book uptodate. We submit long range bare bone plans in September but that’s it and no one has ever checked to make sure we are following it.



We are not required to submit lesson plans, but we are expected to have them written and available upon request.  Also, if an administrator comes into our class they want to be able to easily access our written plan. This is in CT, btw. 

WinRAR Security Vulnerability Still Waiting For A Patch Spandas Lui Today 8:30 AM Discuss Bookmark facebook twitter reddit linkedin google+ There is a gaping security hole that has yet to be patched on the popular file compression software, WinRAR. The vulnerability affects the latest version of the software. The bug allows remote attackers to make a compressed self-extracting (SFX) archive file and execute code on a computer when it is opened through WinRAR. This is done through HTML code in the text display window when the file is created, as shown below: There is currently no patch for this vulnerability so users of WinRAR 5.21 are are advised to exercise caution when opening SFX files from unknown sources and to download the patch as soon as it is made available through WinRAR. [Via Malware Bytes] Have you subscribed to Lifehacker Australia's email newsletter? You can also follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. facebook twitter reddit linkedin google+

Serena Williams survived an early scare to beat Holland's Kiki Bertens in straight sets at the US Open and keep her calendar grand slam dream alive. 
 
Williams has made a habit  of dramatic comebacks  this year and the American did it again on Arthur Ashe, fighting back from 5-3 and then 4-0 in the tie-break to clinch the opening set. 
 
Bertens was unable to recover as Williams found her groove to seal a 7-6 (7/5) 6-3 victory and book a third-round clash with Bethanie Mattek-Sands. 
 
It means Williams is now five wins away from becoming the first female player since 1988 to hold all four major titles in a single year. 
 
Williams came from a set down four times en route to the French Open crown this year and memorably overturned Heather Watson's 3-0 final set lead in the third round at Wimbledon. 
 
Bertens' advantage was never quite as commanding but for the best part of an hour she troubled her opponent, who struggled for rhythm, particularly on her serve. 
 
"I took it one point at a time in the tie-break and next thing I knew it was 4-4," Williams said. 
 
"It doesn't worry me, being down a lot, I know I can try to make a comeback. 
 
"I never stop, I keep going and give it the best effort I can." 
 
Bertens has never gone past the second round at Flushing Meadows before but the 23-year-old showed few signs of nerves early on, blasting her way to a break and 5-3 lead. 
 
Serving for the set, however, the world number 110 wobbled with a double fault and Williams instantly pounced, breaking back and forcing a tie-break. 
 
Bertens pressed ahead again, hammering away a forehand winner for 4-0 but back came Williams again, losing just one point in eight to take the opening set. 
 
"I've been really relaxed usually, today I was a little tight," Williams said. 
   Promoted stories   
"It showed a bit but hopefully I can get back to where I was before." 
 
The second set was more straightforward for the world number one, but she will be eager to restore her usually reliable serve, which produced 10 double faults, against American wildcard Mattek-Sands in round three. 
 
Mattek-Sands had earlier defeated compatriot Coco Vandeweghe 6-2 6-1. 
 
"Bethanie's really good, she has a very aggressive game," Williams said. 
   
 Share article  
   
"I wasn't surprised with her win today, she's a great person, I love her, it will be a really difficult match. 
 
"It will be very tricky and I'll have to play better if I want to win."

Maktoob - 9/13/2015 9:09:38 AM - GMT (+4 )    
NEW YORK (AP) — Alexander Wang's Fashion Week runway show was a LOT more than just a runway show. 

read more

Fox Valley Plumbing & Backflow is pleased to announce the Grand Opening of its new location in Elgin. The new office is located at 637 Frazier Avenue in Unit 6.

As a thank you for being in business for over 7 years, Fox Valley Plumbing & Backflow is offering its Kane, Cook, and Lake County residents a ‘Buy One Get One Free’ offer on its 12” hose faucet for $55 until October 31, 2015. Fox Valley Plumbing specializes in backflow testing, repair and installation, sewer drain cleaning, sump pump installation and repair, sewer camera inspection, sewer drain rodding, water heater installation and repair, and toilet repair and installation, and more. Services are available for homes and businesses.

More information is available at http://foxvalleyplumbing.com/

About Fox Valley Plumbing & Backflow Fox Valley Plumbing & Backflow offers plumbing, sewer, and drain services to Kane, Cook, Lake, Dupage, and Kendal County homes and businesses.

Contact

Fox Valley Plumbing & Backflow

Phone: 847-624-3872

637 Frazier Ave. unit #6, Elgin, IL 60123

Website: http://foxvalleyplumbing.com/

September 15  

                A major unmet need of the cosmetic industry is the effective, natural and safe means to protect and detoxify the skin against environmental pollution to which it is exposed daily.  
 You need to be logged in to read the rest of this story. If you are not already a member, please Register .

Sep 1, 2015 
 
TULSA, Okla., Sept. 1, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Matrix Service Company (Nasdaq:MTRX) announced today that President and Chief Executive Officer John Hewitt and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kevin Cavanah will be participating in the 2015 D.A. Davidson Conference in San Francisco, CA scheduled for September 10 – 11. The conference is being held at the Omni Hotel at 500 …
                      ( continue reading )

The emergent problem of the dangerous drugs known as synthetics has been featured in several recent media accounts. Their use has grown strikingly, and because of their association with violent behavior, so has law enforcement concern. The rising trend was shown in reports of emergency episodes attributed to “synthetic cannabinoids” by the District of Columbia Fire and EMS departments. Episodes had been stable at fewer than fifty cases a month from August, 2012, until roughly November of that year, when they spiked to over a hundred. 
 
That number subsided until approximately January of 2015, when they began an unprecedented, and persisting, climb. By June of 2014, the last data point captured, they reached 439 cases, an apparent increase of nearly 800 percent since the end of the year. 
 
Our attention has been triggered by some horrendous episodes involving consumption of synthetics, including an alleged stabbing death that has the city, already known for far greater use of the synthetic hallucinogen PCP among arrestees than other major cities, on edge. 
 
Has some underlying factor driven synthetic cannabinoid use in the nation’s Capital, as shown by these emergency episodes? What has changed that could affect either drug availability, or the acceptability of increased use, of this dangerous set of compounds? 
 
There is a correlation found in the timing. In November of 2014, District voters made news by approving legal “natural” cannabinoid use in the city – that is, marijuana. Then, in January of this year, the legalization took effect, with an increase in public consumption, while police backed away. Both developments seem to be echoed in the data. 
 
We must confront a disturbing question: by allowing “natural” marijuana to increase in acceptance, could the District have sowed the wind of the synthetic cannabis whirlwind? 
 
Advocates for drug legalization recognize that connection, but their response is the predictable resort of pro-marijuana advocates.  Legalizers explain the increased use of synthetics as a consequence of the prohibition on “natural cannabis.” But that had ended just before the epidemic began. So how could prohibition be forcing the problem? The response from legalizers is revealing, as it discloses their next target in District policies: workplace drug testing. Since many synthetic users believe that they are not readily detected by potential employers, they must be substituting them for the “natural” marijuana product. 
 
So for legalizers, it is still the “punitive criminal justice system” that somehow incentivizes use of dangerous synthetic toxins. As they perennially argue, it is our crack-down on marijuana that drives consumers to more dangerous drugs. 
 
For advocates, the problem with marijuana legalization in the District is not that it led to a disturbing shift in the attitudes and norms of drugs use. It’s that it didn’t go far enough. We didn’t legalize sales, as well as use. And employers (like the Federal Government) still insist on drug-testing applicants. And because drug users want jobs, they have to use synthetics. 
 
Oddly, before November when “natural marijuana” was prohibited, this argument failed; there was then no spike in synthetic use, even though marijuana users were still, as now, subjected to drug tests. 
 
The legalizer solution? Legalize marijuana sales, but most importantly, eliminate workplace testing. That will surely end the demand for synthetics. 
 
It’s possible that the cause of the current epidemic is, as legalizers argue,  this complicated incentive effect. But isn’t it simpler, and more faithful to the data, to posit that the District made a huge, predictable mistake when it opened the flood gates to legalized marijuana, and thereby shifted the entire drug using landscape towards an epidemic? 
 
The argument is not far-fetched. Perceptions and norms of disapproval matter for those contemplating drug use, and survey data are clear that for youth, there is a strong correlation between one prior behavior and use of synthetic drugs. Data from a study overseen by the National Institute of Drug Abuse showed that the use of “natural” marijuana is, in fact, a “gateway” for synthetic use. In fact, the use of synthetics by those who hadn’t previously used marijuana is 0.5 percent; that is, almost never. 
 
The true common sense understanding of the tragedy happening right before us is that the District of Columbia, by legalizing marijuana, produced a completely predictable effect. It made drug use more acceptable, and rendered police control more difficult. Sadly, as drugs of all sorts begin to flood the streets, the District is experiencing a rapidly-unfolding train wreck, of its own devising.

Ford Hymer is a good example of American style, perfect look and high quality car produced by famous American multinational automaker Ford which was founded by Henry Ford in 1903. Ford Hymer is one of the most successful vehicles marketed by the company. You can find Ford Hymer at price range ... according to its modification and production year.
11 Photos of Ford Hymer

MUMS, dads and children at locations across the Sunshine Coast set off on a walk with one common mission: to bring William Tyrrell home. 
 
Similar events were also held across Australia at the same time, 10.30am yesterday. 
 
Exactly a year earlier, three-year-old boy William Tyrrell (pictured) was taken from his grandmother's home in Kendall, on the New South Wales mid-north coast. 
 
While there have been reports of sightings, the little boy, who disappeared wearing his favourite Spiderman costume, has not yet been found. He would now be four. 
 
A group of Coolum locals organised their own Walk for William, starting at Tickle Park and walking along the beachside cliffs to Point Perry. 
 
Despite the grey weather at least 150 walkers participated yesterday. 
  Christina and Riley Clifford.   
Walkers wore red and blue in recognition of William's favourite superhero, and many kids - as well as organiser Angela Gray - donned full-length Spiderman suits. 
 
Ms Gray said the Walk for William idea was intended to "make the community take note". 
 
"We will not sweep him under the carpet," she said to the crowd. 
 
"We will keep onto this until he is brought home or until somebody is brought to justice. 
 
"He is a little boy, like all of the kids here. He should be at home with his parents. 
 
"Ours is a simple one in Coolum but it is in respect for William." 
   
Organiser Angie Dunbavan said she hoped the various walks would jog someone's memory about the disappearance, or compel those with information to come forward. 
 
She said it also represented a chance for parents to start a conversation about safety with their children. 
 
"It's a really good opportunity to raise community awareness around stranger danger," she said. 
 
"About how to protect yourself as a child, and what parents can do to be more vigilant." 
 
Yaroomba mum Christina Clifford attended the event with her son Riley, who turned three last week, the same age William was when he disappeared. 
 
Mrs Clifford said William's disappearance had hit her "straight to the heart". 
 
"I just cried and cried," she said. 
 
"Australia should be a safe environment to just let kids be kids, and taking advantage of a little three-year-old, it makes me sick in my guts, basically." 
 
She said she was trying to talk to Riley about William during the walk. 
 
"I'm trying now to explain to him what we're doing here, but it's not easy to explain to a three-year-old," she said. 
 
"He keeps saying 'where is William, we have to try and find William'."

Sony's drive for reinvention is admirable, yet sad. Recognizing that the one-time inventor of massive industries has lost its way, the company has taken to sponsoring massive idea competitions in which hundreds of teams may pitch concepts and ten winners might emerge. Sony's search for ideas in a bottom-up way [...]

Total (NYSE:TOT) declared a quarterly dividend on Wednesday, September 16th, MarketBeat.com reports. Stockholders of record on Friday, September 25th will be given a dividend of 0.6885 per share by the oil and gas exploration company on Thursday, October 29th. This represents a $2.75 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.80%. The ex-dividend date of […]
The post appeared first on Ticker…  
Total (NYSE:TOT) declared a quarterly dividend on Wednesday, September 16th, MarketBeat.com reports. Stockholders of record on Friday, September 25th will be given a dividend of 0.6885 per share by the oil and gas exploration company on Thursday, October 29th. This represents a $2.75 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.80%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, September 23rd. 

Shares of Total (NYSE:TOT) traded up 2.09% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $47.47. 2,841,526 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average of $47.09 and a 200-day moving average of $49.90. Total has a 1-year low of $40.93 and a 1-year high of $65.30. The company has a market capitalization of $108.57 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.71. 

Total (NYSE:TOT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, July 29th. The oil and gas exploration company reported $1.35 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.11 by $0.24. Equities analysts predict that Total will post $4.30 earnings per share for the current year. 

Several research firms have recently weighed in on TOT. Deutsche Bank raised shares of Total from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, September 1st. Zacks cut shares of Total from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, July 10th. Cowen and Company dropped their price objective on shares of Total from $60.00 to $58.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a report on Friday, September 11th. Goldman Sachs upgraded shares of Total from a “neutral” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $40.93 to $45.13 in a research note on Friday, September 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Total from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, May 22nd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $55.03. 

Total S.A. is an energy operator. The Company operates through three business segments: an Upstream segmen…

5:20 p.m. CDT 
 
MADISON, WI (WTAQ) - Unemployment rates have dropped between July and August in every Wisconsin county and large city. 
 
The Wisconsin Department of Workforce Development reported the latest figures Wednesday. 
 
They show unemployment rates dropped in each of the 32 largest cities and in all 72 counties between July and August. 
 
Racine has the highest unemployment rate at 6.6 percent, down from 8.3 percent in July. Milwaukee was second highest at 6.4 percent. 
 
Madison had the lowest unemployment rate at 2.7 percent, down from 3.2 percent in July. 
 
The statewide unemployment rate in August was 4.5 percent, which is below the national rate of 5.1 percent. 
 
(Story courtesy of Wheeler News Service)

A major plastics recycling plant that will recycle the #3-#7 hard–to–recycle plastics such as yogurt containers and lawn furniture is slated to come online in October, servicing much of the US East Coast, thanks to a multi-million investment by the Closed Loop Fund.

The fund has amassed millions of dollars from leading companies — including 3M, Coca-Cola, Colgate-Palmolive, Goldman Sachs, Johnson & Johnson Family of Consumer Companies, Keurig Green Mountain, PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation, Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation — and plans to invest more than $500 million in US recycling projects over the next five years. The to cities and low interest loans to recycling companies.

The first three recycling investments total $24 million.

Closed Loop Fund’s first investee is a joint venture between QRS and Canusa-Hershman (CHR) to create a one-of-a-kind plastic recovery facility (PRF) in Baltimore, Maryland. Currently, 70 percent of communities across the US are not able to collect and recycle #3-#7 plastics, like yogurt containers and take out packaging or large rigid plastics such as crates, buckets, baskets and lawn furniture.

The Closed Loop Fund says tor the first time ever, QRS and CHS will combine technology that can both separate these products and turn them back into raw materials for new products and packaging. The facility is able to process 4,500 tons of materials every month — double the capacity of what’s presently possible in the US.

Beginning in October, QRS-CHR will service the majority of the East Coast, from Maine to South Carolina, increasing recycling rates and finally providing a recycling solution for #3-#7 plastics. The fund expects the opening of the facility to help divert 440,000 tons from landfills and reduce 555,000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions.

Closed Loop Fund’s two other investments are in Quad Cities, Iowa, and Portage County, Ohio, both important Midwest markets for recycling. These investments will allow the two communities to convert from dual-stream recycling systems to single-stream, making it easier for citizens to recycle. These communities are similar to hundreds across the south and Midwest with citizens who want to recycle, but without a convenient option.

The fund says over the next 10 years, in Portage County alone, 37,000 tons will be diverted from landfills with a reduction of 110,000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions. It expects Quad Cities to see 86,000 tons diverted from landfills and 250,000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions reduced.

Lack of infrastructure is a major barriers to more recycling in the US. In 2013, lack of recycling infrastructure caused US cities to collectively spend over $5 billion dollars to landfill over $11 billion worth of commodities that could have been recycled, according to the Closed Loop Fund.

By 2025, Closed Loop Fund aims to do the following

Company News: Page (1) of 1 - 09/04/15     print
	    	page          (September 04, 2015) 
 Boca Raton, FL (PRWEB)  September 04, 2015  

DevOps.com, where the world meets DevOps, today announced that they are partnering with Prospera Events and with support from CloudBees, the enterprise Jenkins company and IBM to bring three CD Summits to Austin, Los Angeles and Boston before the end of 2015. Renowned author and Continuous Delivery expert Jez Humble will kick off the series delivering the keynote for the Austin Event.  Visit http://www.devopsconnect.com/events/cd-summit-austin/ for more details. 
 
CD Summit has become the go to event to engage directly with Continuous Delivery and DevOps experts. Over the last two years CD Summits have been held in cities throughout North America, Europe and Asia. 

"We have built the CD Summit brand around the world by providing great educational events focused on Continuous Delivery based on Jenkins. We look forward to continuing that tradition with these next three events , said Andre Pino,  CMO CloudBees. These three events will have some of the leading CD thinkers and practitioners in the world and will offer great opportunities to learn. 

 
The three events will take place at: 
 
CD Summit Austin, October 8, 2015 at Austin Convention Center  The even will be held in conjunction with InnoTech Austin with over 1600 attendees and 70 exhibitors.  Featuring keynotes from Rick Tumlinson, Chairman, Deep Space Industries Inc.; Whitehat hacker, Samy Kamkar; Gregg Hansen, Director, Austin Innovation Center, General Motors; . Other sessions include separate tracks for both management and technical focus. A live DevOps demo theater on the expo show floor, lunch and end of day reception are included.  CD Summit activities will require a separate admission ticket. 
 
CD Summit LA, December 3, at the The Olympic Collection & Entertainment Center  Similar format, speakers to be announced shortly 
 
CD Summit Boston, December 2015, dates confirmed shortly. 
 
We are very excited to be working with Prospera Events, CloudBees, IBM and others to bring CD Summit to these cities.  We are looking forward to three great events, said Alan Shimel, CEO of DevOps.com. With Jez Humble, one of the pre-eminent experts in the world on Continuous Delivery speaking about Architecting for Continuous Delivery, it is dont miss event for those interested in CD, CI and DevOps. 
 
More information is available at http://www.devopsconnect.com/events/cd-summit-austin/ 
 
### 
 
About DevOps.com 
 
DevOps.com is published by MediaOps, Inc. It is the largest collection of original DevOps related content on the Web. DevOps.com also sponsors and produces DevOps Connect conferences and is a partner in the DevOps Institute. DevOps.com is available on the web at http://www.devops.com 
 
Read the full story at http://www.prweb.com/releases/2015/09/prweb12941540.htm . 
 
Page: 1  
 
Related Keywords: 

Source:PRWEB.COM Newswire.
 All Rights Reserved

Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini highlighted defensive lapses after West Ham condemned his side to their first Barclays Premier League defeat of the season. 
 
City's run of five successive league wins without conceding came to an abrupt halt as Victor Moses and Diafra Sakho set up a 2-1 win the for the Hammers at the Etihad Stadium. 
 
Club record signing Kevin de Bruyne pulled one back before the hosts went on to dominate the second half, but they could not find a way past inspired goalkeeper Adrian. 
 
It was a second defeat for City in the space of four days after losing to Juventus in the Champions League in midweek. 
 
Pellegrini said: "It was frustrating because I think they were three very important points here at home. 
 
"We conceded two easy goals and that maybe was one of the reasons why we didn't win. 
 
"In the last two games, we didn't play with the concentration and intensity we need in defending. 
 
"Juventus shot twice at our goal and they scored two goals. Today it was exactly the same. One shot at the edge of the box and one corner were all the offensive volume West Ham had in the whole game. 
 
"We must concentrate more because two balls decided the result." 
 
City had to make a late change to the side after playmaker David Silva withdrew before kick-off. 
 
Pellegrini said: "I don't want to have the excuse of David Silva why we didn't win. I don't think there was one player that would change the story. 
 
"David had a kick in his calf and he tried in the warm-up but he felt his muscle was stiff so he didn't play." 
 
Pellegrini, who added that defender Eliaquim Mangala was taken off at half-time with a muscle injury, dismissed suggestions his team may have been over-confident. 
   Promoted stories   
He said: "We never believed that because we won five games we were the champions of the Premier League. 
 
"We have to play 32 games more, 96 points to play for, so nobody can believe that." 
 
For West Ham, the result represented another notable away scalp under new boss Slaven Bilic after also winning at Arsenal and Liverpool. 
 
Bilic said: "It is a surprise, let's be honest. This game was different from Emirates and Anfield. With the greatest respect to Liverpool and Arsenal, this team (City) are the best in the league. 
 
"We knew we would have to score goals to get something, we knew we would have to run like crazy, and we knew would have to be lucky. It is very difficult, if not impossible, to stop them for 90 minutes but we have done it. 
 
"We didn't nick it. It would have been fair if they equalised, but we also had chances. 
 
"That is why I am so proud of our performance. The guys have done brilliantly, not only fighting-wise but also playing-wise." 
 
The Hammers now have 12 points from their six games, just three less than leaders City, but Bilic is not getting carried away. 
 
He said: "There is a tiny line between confidence and arrogance or confidence and laziness. 
   
 Share article  
   
"It is hard not to get carried away a little but that is also part of my job to install in their heads that we are good, but that you have to know what to do to stay good. 
 
"There are going to be ups and downs, we are not Real Madrid, but it is looking very good now."

JEERS: In a recent Gazette article, it was announced that Texarkana College is seeking a raise in taxes. The only apparent reason, that I could discern,... 
Published: 09/12/2

A glimpse of 'Bigg Boss Nau' with Salman Khan As the "double trouble" season of "Bigg Boss" gears up for its premiere on October 11, superstar Salman Khan gave a sneak peek to what is in the store in the... 
Sify 4 hours ago - Entertainment Also reported by  • DNA • Indian Express • Mid-Day 
Salman feels Shah Rukh too busy to enter 'Bigg Boss' Superstar Salman Khan joked that Shah Rukh Khan is too busy to enter the "Bigg Boss house" as a contestant but is welcome to visit to share his life experiences... 
Sify 7 hours ago - Entertainment Also reported by  • newKerala.com • DNA • Bollywood Life • Mid-Day 
Bigg Boss 9: Salman Khan does his Jeene Ke Hai Chaar Din Towel dance on the stage – watch video! The Bigg Boss Double Trouble host shakes his legs with a few journalists… Salman Khan is a true entertainer and he showcased his talent again today at the Bigg... 
Bollywood Life 7 hours ago - India Exclusive: After Bigg Boss, Salman Khan to host another show titled 'Farm' Salman Khan and Bigg Boss have become synonymous with each other lately. But it looks like his association with Colors will go one step further now.

How?... 
DNA 9 hours ago - Front Page Here’s why Mandira Bedi will never enter Salman Khan’s reality show Bigg Boss! The 24 actress reveals her fear of being locked up in Bigg Boss house She walked into the television space with woman-centric show “Shanti” and also entered... 
Bollywood Life 3 days ago - India Madhur Bhandarkar’s Calendar Girls in Salman Khan’s Bigg Boss? Find out how Calendar Girls and Bigg Boss are connected… It must be more than just a mere co-incidence that Madhur Bhandarkar’s latest film has a rather... 
Bollywood Life 4 days ago - India

Read comprehensive player profiles on all the Milton Ulladulla Bulldogs WLT players for 2015. 

Read a full WLT preview here. 

Read the highlights from the 2014 grand final here. 

THE Milton-Ulladulla Bulldogs will attempt to do what no women’s league tag team has done in the competition’s history.

The Bulldogs hope to claim successive Group 7 premierships, when they take on Kiama at Collegians Sporting Complex on Sunday.

Bulldogs' captain Cheyanne Hatch said she was so proud that her team was the only team in the entire senior Group 7 competition to remain undefeated in the 2015 season. 

The Bulldogs women have the best defence points in the competition, although Cheyanne said this adds even more pressure for Sunday's grand final.

"We aren't going into the game too cocky but we are confident we can take it out," she said.

"As a captain, and on behalf of my Dad as coach, we have every bit of belief in every single one of the girls. 

"The difference between us and any other team this year is we play as a team, as one and for each other." 

Cheyanne added that there is no better feeling than playing alongside her best friends and sharing the laughs and exciting memories each week with the Bulldogs family. 

"It will be a tough game against our rivalry Kiama, as every game this year against them has been so close," she said. 

"We have almost climbed our mountain and are prepared to come out firing for Sunday's game to reach that mountain and do the Milton Ulladulla Bulldogs club, supporters, families and ourselves proud." 

Kick off for the women is 8.30am with the gates open at 7.30am.

Admission is $15 for adults, $9 for concession and children under 16 are free.

So, without further adieu, meet the 2015 Bulldogs women.

After taking out Group 7’s and Milton Ulladulla’s top point scorer and most tries scored in 2014, Ebony has had yet again a massive season. 

Eb was not able to back up her titles due to missing out on five games because of being overseas, but she is still second in the competition with 14 tries, 45 goals and a total of 146 points. 

Back in time for the finals, Eb is ready to help the girls get the win with her swerving attack and 100 per cent kicking abilities – a standout in the team and best fullback in the competition by far.

The hips of the team! 

Georgia’s second year with the doggies, she says there is no better way to spend her weekends than travelling down the coast to play. Georgia is unstoppable and does not stop swiveling her hips! Georgia is always hard to tag and will be using her hip swivel to break the line in Sunday’s game. 

Georgia has played years and years of Oztag and this will show come Sunday!

Currently representing NSW CHS at the national touch football championships (also leading try scorer up in QLD), Taryn will be landing back just in time for the WLT grand final. 

A little weapon, nothing will stop her! 

Daughter of the Bulldogs' first grade coach Orbit (who wishes he could sign a deal with Taryn), she shines every week with her speed and fast pace, making herself impossible to catch. 

Taryn was put into the fullback role while Ebony was away and plays like Jarryd Hayne; anywhere on the field, any position.

Paige is known as the Robbie Farah of the team. 

Paige is the ‘go forward’ and helps to get the girls on a role. 

Her ball movement throughout the middle of the field and non-stop communication will be important in Sunday’s game. 

She is the team’s motivation and has filled the team with positivity the whole season! 

There are never any heads dropped while Paigey is around. 

Paige's loud mouth and positive energy will help push the girls and get them fired and pumped ready to go. 

One of Paige’s biggest achievements this year is being the only player to kick a 40/20!

Amy was born in Milton hospital and is a life-long sporting achiever, representing several teams at higher levels. 

It is Amy’s third year with the Bulldogs, and she will be hoping to win a back-to-back premiership alongside the girls. 

Amy’s sporting experience will be a big impact on this weekend's game. 

Amy is a versatile player and an important utility, able to play any position in both attack and defence to continually stand out. 

Look out for her superman dives in defence and dodging stepping attack.

Cheyanne Hatch is the captain and leader of this great side. Cheyanne is the daughter of coach David Hatch, who has not only played years with the Cronulla Sharks and Australia, he has captained and coached more than 20 different teams. 

Cheyanne is a huge threat in the Bulldogs side and has led the girls now into two grand finals. 

She says she is so proud to be undefeated minor premiers but the job is not done until this Sunday. 

Her experience from years representing various representative touch football and Oz Tag sides will be shown on Sunday when the girls defend their premiership. 

Cheyanne was also awarded Group 7 Player of the year for 2014, which was picked from all teams in the competition.

Also daughter of the Bulldogs' first grade coach, Orbit, Jaylee will be wearing the red, blue and white representing the doggies with pride. Born a true Milton Ulladulla Bulldog, she is one of our strongest link/wingers.

Jaylee never-give-up attitude and improvement this year has been outstanding. 

She continues to impress her team mates in every game and is a well respected player in this team. 

Her best game was when the Bulldogs defeated Kiama in the semi-final two weeks ago, where she has battle scars from diving and defending non-stop. 

Jaylee not only has the height of the team but is always positively lifting the girls up as a team.

After breaking her collarbone in the first game last year, the determination of this little skillful player proves that nothing would stop her return. 

Without older sister Kaela Thomas (who was a stand out in last year's grand final), Georgia has really stepped up. 

She has moves up her sleeve she plans to use on Sunday. 

She has represented Australia in Oztag for several years and again her experience at a higher level will be important for Sunday’s game. 

Georgia’s grubber kicks for herself and for the other girls attacking the line will be a strong point for the Doggies.

Getting mistaken for Shaun Johnson and Roger Tuivasa Sheck, Ana has developed so much as a player this year.

One of the Dogs' ball players, she sets up a lot of plays and does not miss a tag in defence. 

She loves the Bulldogs and says her favourite part of playing is spending her weekends with her best friends. 

Her best memory was winning the grand final last year and being a part of the Bulldogs family. 

Ana’s hip movements and non-stop defence will play an important role for the girls.

On debut for the Bulldogs this year, Rachel was always a touch head but decided she would give league tag a crack. 

Rachel has improved immensely since game one and continues to surprise each game. 

League tag is not an easy game, but Rachel with her freakish nature and natural ability with a football was able to pick up the game straight away. 

Rachel’s ball movement from left to right is her biggest strength in the game and this will help trick the defence in Sunday's game.

Emmah has grown up playing soccer her whole life but decided she would give league tag a try. 

She has loved every aspect of the game so far, and with her speed and long legs Emmah is hoping to play her best in Sunday's game. It is Emmah’s second year playing with the Bulldogs and every game she is determined to play her best and gives 100 per cent - that’s what the team loves about her! 

Emmah was awarded player of the grand final last year, which was also her favourite Bulldogs memory.

Jess is the Bulldogs' backup goal kicker and was lucky enough to be put into the goal kicking role while Ebony was away. 

With big shoes to fill, Jess had no worries of filling them, having a lot of strength behind her boot thanks to her soccer background. 

One of the Bulldogs' strongest wingers in the team, her teammates have every bit of confidence in Jess defending, as she drops back to support the fullback and attacking the line out wide. Do not let Jess into open space as she will be very hard to catch.

This year was Tessa’s first year with the Bulldogs. 

She began looking up to her partner Stein Lofts (a Bulldogs first grade player of more than 17 years) and he has taught her a thing or two.

However she is now teaching him how she uses those hips of hers to break through the defenders. 

Tessa is definitely the team's best hole runner by far. 

Tessa came into the team not knowing any of the girls well, now she is happy to say she has made 16 new friends and there is no better feeling playing alongside such a great bunch of girls.

Emily is also away representing NSWCCC at the National touch Champions, making it back in time for Sunday's game. 

Only 17-years-old, Emily is one of the strongest and fastest players across the park. 

It is her first year with the Bulldogs, and what a great sign up she was. 

Scoring a try almost every game, Emily is a little superstar! 

Emily was named in the Youth Rugby Union Australian 7’s side and this can be shown through her speed and agility on the field. 

She never stops smiling and puts in the gutsiest effort every game. 

Emily’s favourite Bulldog moment was becoming minor premiers and she hopes to win her first premiership this Sunday, in turn helping the majority of the girls make it their second.

Another newbie of the team, Hannah has showed the whole season what playing tag is about. 

Also only 17-years-old and an Australia Oztag representative, Hannah is the Bulldogs' weapon and will be a dark horse on Sunday. 

She is planning on coming out strong and giving the other team a run for their money. 

Hannah is also a try scoring machine and played her best game against Culburra, scoring herself six tries in one game. 

Hannah bounces off the defence with her fast hips; she should be hard to tag.

It is Kiarna’s third year with the Doggies and she is also hoping to win a back-to-back premiership. 

From day one Kiarna has been a part of the team, and not only her team mates, but also the coach have seen nothing but continuous improvements. 

She plays rugby league, which can be shown through her aggression. 

Kiarna’s great communication and non-stop talking will help the girls in Sunday's game.

Cousin of Taryn and Jaylee, this awesome trio will be making the Love family proud on Sunday.

A late sign-up into the team, this year is Riarnne’s first time playing tag. 

Being on debut, Riarnne has improved so much since game one. Her great attitude and positive influences on the girls will be important in Sunday's game. 

The rest of the team cannot wait to share the grand final experience with Riarnne.

The resounding endorsement by global leaders last week in New York of the groundbreaking and transformational 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, more than two years in the making, sparks new hope and optimism for multilateralism. 
 
The 2030 Agenda, based on 17 goals and 169 targets, may seem overly ambitious to some, but poverty eradication cannot be sustained without comprehensive progress in economic growth, social justice and ecological sustainability. This is a bold and inspirational new roadmap that will guide us to more sustainable growth, which is resource-efficient and respects planetary boundaries－meeting our present needs without mortgaging the wellbeing of future generations. 
 
This change is urgently needed in the countries of Asia and the Pacific. Although our region has an impressive track record of economic growth and poverty reduction, more than 1.4 billion people still live in poverty, social disparities are widening and growth remains inefficient and wasteful. Our region has a shared responsibility to lead, which is why mainstreaming the 2030 Agenda in development plans and budgets, and backing them with strong oversight will be critical for successful implementation. 
 
Five conditions must be met to pave the way for Asia-Pacific governments to make this happen: 
 
First, sufficient financial resources are needed. The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) estimates that the Asia-Pacific region will need to invest between $2.1 trillion and $2.5 trillion per year to fund a comprehensive agenda for sustainable development. These resources are available: regional national savings total nearly $8.9 trillion, financial assets of the wealthiest regional individuals are estimated to be about $35 trillion, and foreign exchange reserves account for more than $7 trillion. Most of these sources of savings are currently adding to liquidity, held dormant in deposits or financing third-party country deficits. We need instead to effectively harness them along with unwavering political commitment to exploit domestic resources for development. Developing economies of our region have, on an average, among the lowest tax-to-GDP ratios in the world. Leveraging the potential of strengthened tax regimes is key; public interest must override the vested interests so that governments can remove tax exemptions and tackle tax evasion practices which are obstacles to investment in better access to basic services. 
 
Second, good governance and inclusion has to be embedded in policy execution and implementation. The capacities of governments to engage multiple interest groups with widely varying perspectives, to effectively regulate excesses, monitor policy impacts and adjust policy responses are now critical. Governments must also become more adept at dealing with the unexpected and unpredictable events－and enabling all groups in society to respond positively to environmental, economic or social shocks. 
 
Third, innovations, new technologies and associated know-how must drive sustainable development across the region, yet innovation gaps in Asia and the Pacific remain very large. Only five Asia-Pacific countries are featured in the top 20 of the 2014 Global Innovation Index. Effective alignment and reinforcement of science, technology and innovation, through the right policies and regulatory frameworks as well as partnerships to facilitate technology transfer, will be mission-critical for successful sustainability. 
 
Fourth, we need to pair innovation with resources, enabling countries to find and adapt the best policy options for sustainability. Partnerships and stronger, more diversified regional platforms for South-South cooperation, such as those provided by ESCAP and its Asia-Pacific Forum on Sustainable Development, provide great opportunities for our region to lead the way in ending poverty, transforming lives and protecting the planet. 
 
Fifth, climate action must be integrated across all areas of policy and governance－social, environmental and economic. While emissions must be reduced through a focus on low-carbon energy, transportation and buildings and through energy efficiency, we must also build more resilient societies, prepared for frequent and extreme weather events and their impacts, such as changes in food production systems and migration. 
 
The author, Shamshad Akhtar, is an under-secretary-general of the United Nations and executive secretary of the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP). She is also the UN's Sherpa for the G20 and previously served as governor of the central bank of Pakistan and vice-president of the MENA Region of the World Bank. 
 
　　

Ah, it’s that time of the year… Chilly weather, sweaters, Halloween costumes, pumpkin spice everything and… No, wait, it’s barely September. I’m sitting here at my desk wearing a sundress and sandals. It’s Fall doesn’t officially start for about three more weeks. This pumpkin spice mania has got to stop, people. Especially so early in the year. While we can get behind pumpkin spice lattes (and pumpkin spice ales) every now and again (and are glad to hear Starbucks will actually be using pumpkin in its recipe this year ), pumpkin just doesn’t need to be an ingredient in every item we eat this fall. (We’re glad to hear that that Pumpkin Spice Four Loko was all a hoax.) Here are some products we think go a bit too far: Pumpkin Spice Pop Rocks So a liberal dose of sugar with a sprinkling of nutmeg? (Photo: Mike Mozart , Flickr.) Pumpkin Spice M&Ms While M&Ms are certainly delicious in the natural state (peanut butter, plain and crispy are all fine by us), we’ve been a bit less taken by seasonal M&M flavors, and pumpkin spice is no exception. (Photo: Mike Mozart , Flickr.) Pumpkin Pie Spice Pringles Even Pringles must have realized they’d gone too far… They’re no longer selling their pumpkin spice-flavored potato chips this year. (Photo: Joel Kramer , Flickr.) Pumpkin Spice Jell-O Pudding Why does this exist? Isn’t it just as quick to grab a can of pumpkin filling if you’re planning on making a pie? What would the consistency be like? So many questions. Then again, the reviews we read about it tend to be pretty positive. (Photo: Mike Mozart , Flickr.) Page 2 of 2 - Pumpkin Pie Peanut Butter Pumpkin spice? Delicious. Peanut butter? Doubly delicious. Together, in whipped form? Not so much. Leave our peanut butter alone, JIF. (Photo: Mike Mozart, Flickr .) Pumpkin Spice Gum Nooooo. Why, Wrigley’s? Why, Trident? (Photo: Mike Mozart , Flickr.) Are you a pumpkin spice fan? Or do you prefer other fall flavors?

"It will provide major tax relief for middle income and for most other Americans. There will be a major tax reduction," Trump said Monday at a press conference at Trump Tower in New York as he unveiled his plan to revamp the tax code. "It'll simplify the tax code, it'll grow the American economy at a level that it hasn't seen for decades."

The highly anticipated tax plan comes as Trump is being pressed to provide more details about how his administration would govern.

One of the biggest beneficiaries appears to be families that draw the smallest paychecks. Individuals that make less than $25,000 (and $50,000 for married couples) would pay no income taxes under Trump's plan.

However, the proposal would also be a boon for the wealthiest Americans like Trump -- the top bracket includes individuals making $150,001 and more and couples making $300,001 and more -- who would pay an income tax rate of 25%. That's a dramatic cut from the current top rate of close to 40%.

The tax cuts for top earners could open Trump up to charges of hypocrisy. The real estate magnate has surged to the top of the polls by touting a populist tone, lamenting that wealthy people like himself should pay more.

Asked at Monday's press conference how his proposal would affect his own tax rate, Trump dodged the question, saying: "We're reducing taxes, but believe me, there will be people in the very upper echelon that won't be thrilled with this."

He also declined to say how much taxes he currently pays, only saying, "I fight like hell to pay as little as possible."

Perhaps the most pressing question that Trump must answer is how he would raise enough revenue to offset his plan's deep tax cuts, though he insisted Monday that his proposal would not add to the country's debt or deficit.

The candidate says he would make up for the difference in a number of ways: killing certain deductions for the rich and creating incentives for U.S. companies to bring back cash currently held overseas, thereby boosting growth at home.

Trump's tax plan broadly mirrors that of one of his main rivals: Jeb Bush.

Bush's proposal released this month also reduces the number of income tax brackets -- to three from the current seven. The highest tax bracket under the former Florida governor's plan is 28%, and the lowest is 10%. Bush also proposed lowering the corporate tax rate from 25% to 20% -- another popular idea among conservatives. Trump would go even further, lowering the rate to 15%.

Like Bush, one loophole Trump would target is the preferential treatment for carried interest, which is a share of profits paid to investment managers.

Since launching his White House campaign in June, Trump has made sweeping attacks on hedge fund managers who are paid in carried interest.

Trump, who claims that his personal assets are valued at more than $10 billion, frequently makes the distinction between investors who work in real estate and those on Wall Street. Hedge fund managers, he often says, fall in the category of special interests backing some of his well-connected and best-funded rivals.

"I know them. They all are supporting Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton," Trump told CNN at a campaign stop in Nashville, Tennessee, last month. "They make a lot of money and a lot of it is luck. They pick a stock and all of a sudden they make a lot of money. I want the hedge fund guys to pay more taxes."

Still, the plan might not be too tough on Wall Street. Since Trump's proposal would slash the income tax rate across the board, taxing carried interest as regular income under Trump's plan would mean investors still pay far less than what they would if the carried interest loophole were done away with under the current tax code.

The tax rate of hedge fund managers is a favorite political target for the 2016 presidential candidates.

"We will treat all noninvestment income the same, so unless you stake capital in an investment, you won't be able to claim the capital-gains tax rate on your market gains," Bush's tax proposal said.

It's also popular rallying cry for the Democratic candidates.

Former Secretary of Hillary Clinton has been hitting Wall Street tax breaks since the first days of her campaign, as she's faced pressure from progressive Democrats to embrace a more populist agenda. Antagonism towards Wall Street is a central message of Clinton's rivals like Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley.

Congratulations to baller Iman Shumpert and singer Teyana Taylor – they have a baby on the way! Shumpert expressed his joy on Instagram  earlier today…
by Ariel Cherie via The Urban Daily

Bringing Bitcoin To Cuba 
Carlos M. Gutierrez, Jr. – Innovator, Lawyer, Investor, Skateboarder 
Posted: 09/22/2015 5:53 pm EDT Updated: 09/22/2015 5:59 pm EDT 
 
Since its introduction in 2008, Bitcoin, the world’s most recognized and 
frequently used crypto-currency has continued to grow in popularity. 
Bitcoin’s peer-to-peer decentralized structure has steadily attracted 
global users seeking to make purchases and transfers of money digitally, 
privately, and with minimal transaction costs. 
 
At its current market cap of over $3 billion dollars, it is difficult to 
find an area of the world which has not been touched by Bitcoin. Yet, 
until recently, Cuba was one of these places. With low levels of 
internet penetration on the island, not only are few Cubans even aware 
of Bitcoin, but the lack of technical infrastructure can serve to impede 
the ability of Cubans to undertake virtual currency transactions. 
 
Into this scenario, stepped in Fernando Villar. A first-generation 
Cuban-American tech entrepreneur based in New Jersey, Fernando made his 
first visit to the island early this summer. As the founder of 
BitcoinCuba, Fernando’s mission was twofold: visit family and experience 
the county of his parent’s birth and explore the capacity for Cubans to 
adopt virtual currency in their everyday lives. As a result, in 
mid-July, Fernando became the architect of a historical moment: Cuba’s 
first documented Bitcoin transaction. 
 
I recently had the opportunity to sit down with Fernando to discuss his 
background, the goal of his organization, the potential of virtual 
currency in Latin America, and his trip to Cuba. Hope you enjoy! 
 
CG: Virtual currency is a relatively new and complex concept, what is 
your background and what drew you to virtual currency/Bitcoin? 
 
FV: I’ve been working with digital technologies for over 6 years as a 
consultant and designer. I was drawn to Bitcoin a few years ago. I heard 
about it on a forum and researched the potential it had in facilitating 
payments, especially in the developing world. Bitcoin, in essence, is 
digital cash and like the USD and Euro, can be used it to buy tangible 
things. The only difference is that it isn’t just money, it’s the 
internet of money. Bitcoin is a decentralized and deflationary currency 
backed by math and not by a central bank or authority that can 
manipulate it.This is a powerful technology because it eliminates the 
need to rely on payment processors and banks. It’s transparent with a 
public ledger (blockchain), secure, nearly instant, and free for 
everyone to use. 
 
CG: You are the founder of BitcoinCuba. What’s your organization’s goal 
and why Cuba? In the short term, what will BitcoinCuba seek to 
accomplish? And in the long term? 
 
FV: BitcoinCuba’s mission is to inform average Cubans and the small tech 
community about the use of digital currencies like Bitcoin. Cubans have 
much to gain from using this currency and technology, especially now 
that they are in a position to leapfrog current financial and 
telecommunication infrastructures. 
 
Cubans are not using credit or debit cards and most do not have a bank 
account. Bitcoin and blockchain can serve the needs of the unbanked, 
including entrepreneurs and individuals on the island. For instance, an 
entrepreneur in Cuba can offer their goods or services and get paid for 
it by a customer any where in the world instantly. A family wanting to 
send money to relatives in Cuba, using Bitcoin, would now have a method 
that is faster and cheaper than ever. This will take some time to be a 
reality but it’s already happening around the world. 
 
In the short term, BitcoinCuba is planning on organizing workshops and 
conferences to inform and educate Cuban entrepreneurs and anyone who 
cares to know about this new technology. In the long term, BitcoinCuba 
wants to help facilitate a marketplace for digital currencies so that 
Cubans can start using and developing Bitcoin technologies. 
 
CG: You recently completed the first documented Bitcoin Transaction in 
Cuba. This event has been described by some observers as historic. Tell 
me about this transaction, how it came about, how you did it, and can 
you also talk about some of the challenges to scaling the use of Bitcoin 
in Cuba. 
 
FV: I was taking a personal trip to Cuba to visit family on the island. 
There had been reports about the new Wi-Fi networks in public parks and 
I wanted to test their connectivity. BitcoinCuba partnered with Chris 
Groshong, CEO of Coinstructive.com, a Cryptocurrency and Blockchain 
consulting firm based out of San Diego. As soon as I bought a Wi-Fi card 
from one of the kids selling them in the park, I sent Chris an email to 
go ahead and send Bitcoin in real-time to BitcoinCuba’s public address. 
The $20 Chris sent from San Diego made it to Havana in a few seconds 
using Airbitz, a Bitcoin smartphone wallet with a fee of less than 1% . 
It was validation that the government run Wi-Fi allows for these types 
of transactions. 
 
The main challenges with scaling Bitcoin in Cuba are the lack of 
education regarding digital currency and internet connectivity. Cuba has 
a dual-currency system; there is one national peso for mass use which 
Cubans are paid in, and a more valuable peso pegged to the USD known as 
the CUC in which most good are sold in. Although the government has 
talked about unifying both currencies, Bitcoin can be another currency 
thrown into the mix. There is going to be a need to teach individuals 
how this new currency works and its value, which is why BitcoinCuba is 
partnering with Coinstructive and other groups in the Bitcoin community 
to facilitate the educational portion as well as galvanize a community 
on the island that will hopefully learn all the ins and outs of Bitcoin 
technology. 
 
However, in order for Bitcoin and information to thrive, Cubans need 
access to the internet. There is no other way around it. Cubans by and 
large don’t have home connections, and access at hotels costs about $7 
an hour, which is out of reach for most. The Wi-Fi parks with their 
$2/hour service is a start, but companies like Google, Facebook, 
Twitter, Netflix and Airbnb, all who have recently come out and talked 
about their interest in expanding their services in Cuba, can play an 
important role in helping to open up the internet for all Cubans. 
 
CG: Some observers believe that virtual currency can play an important 
role in facilitating transactions in the developing world. What role do 
you see virtual currency playing in the future of not only Cuba but also 
Latin America and other areas of the developing world? 
 
FV: The power of digital currencies like Bitcoin lies in the ability to 
control your own money without any interjection from central banks, 
authorities or governments. Essentially everyone can become their own bank. 
 
Bitcoin is a solution that will help the majority of unbanked Cubans 
finally tap into a the global market because it’s almost effortless for 
a recipient to setup a Bitcoin wallet on their smartphone even if they 
don’t have a bank account. In the case of Cuba, more people now have 
iPhones and Androids sent from families abroad than have bank accounts. 
 
The real break-through for Bitcoin in Cuba, Latin America, and the 
developing world, is offering new ways of accepting payments and sending 
remittances where there is low credit card penetration and a reliance on 
cash. We are already seeing a disruption in the remittance market in 
Africa and Asia with companies like BitPesa and Bitspark. In Latin 
America, Bitcoin is making strides with remittance services, exchanges 
and startups in Argentina, Venezuela and Mexico. Because Bitcoin offers 
an instant and low-barrier solution, it will be a game-changer for Latin 
America. 
 
CG: You mentioned you are Cuban-American. Many reports from the island 
note the emergence of a growing tech savvy entrepreneurship oriented 
community. Is there a role to be played by young Cuban-Americans such as 
yourself to collaborate with your counterparts on the island and help 
foster the growth of such a community? Does a desire to do so exist? If 
so, what kind of activities can facilitate such interactions? 
 
FV: Bill Gates has said “when people are empowered, they will use 
digital technology to innovate on their own behalf.” Cuban-American 
young professionals have the capacity to empower this growing group of 
tech savvy entrepreneurs in Cuba by establishing people-to-people 
connections and sharing their knowledge with them. During my trip, the 
digital entrepreneurs I spoke to are knowledgeable and hungry to learn 
even more. 
 
My belief is that our generation of young entrepreneurs on the island 
and in the U.S. are not responsible for the political problems of the 
past, nor should we have it hanging over our heads forever. This is an 
incredible time in history where technology can solve many problems, and 
keeping politics aside, we should be in a position to help give young 
Cubans the tools and knowledge to innovate. I truly believe Bitcoin, 
blockchain and other digital technologies will be the tools used by 
Cubans to develop their own future. 
 
CG: As a young entrepreneur with a grand vision, you are a role model 
for all of us seeking to turn our dreams into reality. Any parting words 
of wisdom or advice on how you’ve been able to do it? 
 
FV: Being an entrepreneur usually involves a series of missteps before 
finally nailing the right idea. Most good ideas don’t emerge from thin 
air, they involve a ton of thought and work to get it to be successful. 
Being persistent is crucial because what might initially seem like a 
misstep can derail a potentially good idea. 
 
As relates to Cuba, the most important thing to do, as hard and 
impossible as it may sound given the political strife between both 
countries, is to remain optimistic and open. I’ll never forget the 
reasons why my family was exiled from Cuba but I can try to forge a new 
future built on transparency and trust. It this happens, Cubans and 
Americans can mutually benefit from each other. I believe digital 
technology can help build powerful connections between people that have 
been separated politically. If our two countries are going to build a 
new relationship, our two tech communities should do so as well. I’m 
excited to see the innovations that will come when this happens. 
 
Follow Carlos M. Gutierrez, Jr. on Twitter: www.twitter.com/cmgutierrezjr 
 
Source: Bringing Bitcoin To Cuba | Carlos M. Gutierrez, Jr. – 
 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/carlos-m-gutierrez-jr-/bringing-bitcoin-to-cuba_b_8171252.html

- Wolters Kluwer ELM Solutions, the global market leader in transformational, technology-based solutions for legal, compliance, and risk management, announce

SOURCE Casio America 

Dr. Greenhaus Named Brand Ambassador for Casio's Consumer Products Division

DOVER, N.J. 

"I am an avid supporter of using technology in classrooms because of its ability to help students visualize and dynamically interact with mathematics," said Dr. Greenhaus. "I've been a big fan of Casio and its great resources and tools for aiding mathematics instruction. I am excited to work with the Casio team to help students better understand and apply mathematics in meaningful ways."

Dr. Greenhaus has more than 25 years of recognized expertise in mathematics education, technology integration and professional development. She has been a leader in the K-12 public school sector, serving as a teacher, mentor, coach, and district supervisor. In her seven years as Director of Education Outreach and Professional Development Manager for Key Curriculum, Dr. Greenhaus spearheaded the development of online weekly webinars to support mathematics teachers' technology integration. She also developed and provided inquiry-based, hands-on professional development to support school districts nationwide in their use of the Discovering Mathematics textbooks and integration of dynamic mathematics software. In her current role as an education consultant for school districts and various education publishers and companies, Dr. Greenhaus works to support their technology initiatives and mathematics curriculum.

"We are thrilled to officially announce Dr. Karen Greenhaus 

Casio offers a full portfolio of tools and resources to enhance the overall learning experience for both educators and students, including basic, fraction and scientific and graphing calculators, online training courses and webinars, and detailed program books. For additional information on Casio's full portfolio of education resources, please visit www.casioeducation.com. 

About Casio America, Inc.

Casio America, Inc., Dover, N.J., is the U.S. subsidiary of Casio Computer Co., Ltd., Tokyo, Japan, one of the world's leading manufacturers of consumer electronics and business equipment solutions. Established in 1957, Casio America, Inc. markets calculators, keyboards, digital cameras, mobile presentation devices, disc title and label printers, watches, cash registers and other consumer electronic products. Casio has strived to fulfill its corporate creed of "creativity and contribution" through the introduction of innovative and imaginative products. For more information, visit www.casiousa.com.

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/renowned-mathematician-dr-karen-greenhaus-partners-with-casio-america-inc-300137083.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

Some like it hot. Many prefer blondes. But when it comes to security most like it easy. 
 
According to an ongoing government survey started in October 2014, as part of the Cyber Streetwise campaign, your password is likely to be a bit rubbish in all honesty. 
 
In fact 3 in 4 Brits favour a list of most popular passwords that seems to have come not from a good practice document but rather from a dump detailing the most suckish login credentials found in the latest data breach. 
 
Perennial favourites, such as dates and places of birth and pet names – which are insecure ‘secret questions’ at best – still figure prominently among the nation’s favourites, as do the following selective gems taken from an Express feature on the 25 most popular passwords of 2014 – 
  123456  password  12345  12345678  qwerty  123456789  1234  1234567  letmein  abc123   111111  access  696969  123123   
As I’m sure most of you are aware, weak passwords make it incredibly easy for hackers to gain control of your accounts and devices because they can be cracked with insane ease. 
 
So why do so many people persist in using short, easy to guess passwords instead of longer, more complex alternatives using a combination of letters, numbers and symbols? 
 
Simplicity would be my guess. 
 
In a world where more and more devices are connecting to the internet, in which we need to maintain an increasingly large number of accounts for all our online activities, the number of login credentials we require and need to remember is growing at quite a rate (if you aren’t already using one, a password manager such as LastPass or KeePass is a great tool that will cut down the number of passwords you need to remember to just one). 
 
While I’m sure many people are using simple passwords for ease of use and don’t risk them on accounts of great importance, equally I can envisage a significant minority using “123456” as their password on every single account in their possession (if that sounds like you remember that one compromise of your login credentials will open up all your accounts to the attacker). 
 
That’s worrying for them, it’s also worrying for you if you are employing them. 
 
What are you doing to ensure that your employees are security aware and able to adequately protect not only their own digital assets but yours too? 
 
Because you can bet your bottom dollar that someone who prefers ease of use at home is highly unlikely to change their mindset when they come into work. 
 
While I firmly believe that security can be made far more complex than it needs to be, or at least presented in a way that appears anything but clear, there is equal risk in making it too simple. 
 
So watch out for your employees – until a viable alternative finally kills off the humble password , 3 in 4 of them may need your help, both for their sakes and for yours.

Comments (0)   
TO GEAR up for their first Oxjam Takeover, the Pied Busker of Teignmouth was drumming up support this weekend. 

The Pied Busker of Teignmouth, with a few other local musicians, walked the streets of Teignmouth entertaining shoppers for charity on Saturday. 

The procession started outside the Oxfam shop and then walked to significant places to stop and busk ahead of the main Teignmouth Takeover event next month. 

The group continued to Finley Browns Cafe where they had equipment set up to continue the music and do an intimate gig. 
 
Lee Hall, from band Datura, performed a solo set, as well as Tom Hayes and Robert Johnson, from band Alpha Tide. 

There were bucket shakers outside the door to attract more of an audience and let them know what was going on. 

Oxjam organiser Georgie Hellier said: "Our fundraiser, the Pied Busker of Teignmouth, went amazingly well. 

"Our musicians were so talented and the busker had a great cheeky personality to really embrace the slightly unconventional event, get fully involved and attract the public's attention. 

"All the members of the public who we saw were genuinely intrigued with what we were doing, and so generous when they knew what we were raising money for. We are really happy with the amount we raised for Oxfam. 

"Finley Browns Cafe was the perfect little venue to host the second part of our fundraising event. The owners, Martin and Faye, were so accommodating and really keen to get involved and help Oxjam Teignmouth." 

The Oxjam Teignmouth Takeover will take place on October 16 at Teignmouth Rugby Club from 7pm. 

Tickets are available from www.wegottickets.com, Teignmouth Oxfam Shop, Teignmouth Rugby Club, Teignmouth Tourist Information Centre and Finley Browns.

By KUNDUZ CITY, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Taliban fighters battled their way into the centre of Kunduz city in northern Afghanistan on Monday and seized the provincial governor's office, in one of the most serious security breaches in 14 years of war, witnesses and officials said.

The insurgents raised the white Taliban banner over the central city square and freed hundreds of fellow militants from the local jail, in a major embarrassment for Afghan forces who abandoned a provincial headquarters for the first time.

The stunning assault came a day before President Ashraf Ghani's unity government marked its first anniversary.

It was the second time this year that the hardline Islamist movement has besieged Kunduz city, defended by Afghan forces battling largely without NATO's support after it withdrew most of its troops last year. 

The insurgents launched a surprise, three-pronged offensive before dawn, and by evening they had captured the governor's compound and provincial police headquarters, said Zabihullah Mujahid, spokesman for the hardline Islamist movement.

"Our fighters are now advancing towards the airport," Mujahid said on his Twitter account.

A senior government official in Kabul confirmed that the provincial headquarters had fallen and Afghan forces were regrouping at the airport.

Dozens of Afghan special forces have been flown into Kunduz airport on a C-130 aircraft and were preparing to launch a counter-attack, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.

"IT LOOKS GRIM"

The Kunduz assault marks a troubling development in the insurgency, although Afghan forces have managed to drive the Taliban back from most of the territory they have gained this year during an escalation in violence.

"It is certainly the first major breach of a provincial capital since 2001," said Graeme Smith, senior analyst for International Crisis Group.

"They are choking the Afghan forces from all sides. It looks pretty grim."

The United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan evacuated its Kunduz compound on Monday morning, soon after the assault began.

"They've been relocated within Afghanistan," said U.N. spokesman Dominic Medley, declining to say where or how many staff were evacuated.

Abdullah Danishy, deputy governor of Kunduz, vowed that Afghan forces would retake the occupied city.

"We have reinforcements coming from other areas and will beat back the Taliban," Danishy said by telephone from Kunduz airport after fleeing his office.

But with much of downtown Kunduz now in Taliban hands and terrified civilians either trying to flee or hiding inside their homes, the insurgents may be tough to dislodge.

"Once they get inside an urban area, your air assets and artillery become much less useful," Smith said.

FAMILIES SEPARATED

The Taliban were ousted in 2001 after a U.S.-led campaign, and have been fighting to reimpose their rule in sporadic clashes ever since. They have stepped up their offensive this year as NATO forces drew down to just a few thousand troops.

One Reuters witness saw buildings on fire in the south of the city and Taliban fighters entering a 200-bed government-run hospital.

Dozens of panicked residents fled to the city's main airport but were turned away by security forces. 

Electricity and phone services were cut across most of the city, and family members struggled to locate one another in the chaos.

"My uncle's wife has been killed by the Taliban today and still my wife and kids are in the area that the Taliban captured, so it is important to free my family," said Matin Safraz, an official at the interior ministry who was visiting Kunduz for the Muslim holiday of Eid.

Safraz had retreated to the airport, and said he was prepared to fight the Taliban with a borrowed AK-47 rifle.

Sayed Sarwar Hussaini, a spokesman for Kunduz police, said 

20 Taliban fighters had been killed and three Afghan police wounded in the early morning clashes. Updated casualty figures were not immediately available.

According to two security officials, Taliban gunmen, some armed with rocket-propelled grenades, overwhelmed security guards and broke into the main city prison, freeing hundreds of fighters.

Taliban spokesman Mujahid urged Kunduz residents to stay inside.

"The mujahideen are trying to avoid any harm to Kunduz residents," he said on his official Twitter account, referring to Taliban fighters.

The once-quiet north of Afghanistan has seen escalating violence in recent years. Kunduz city was the centre of fierce fighting in April as the Taliban sought to gain territory after the end of NATO's combat mission at the end of 2014.

A scaled-down NATO presence now mostly trains and advises Afghan forces, although U.S. drones still target militant leaders and a U.S. counter-terrorist force also operates in the country.

(Additional reporting by Mirwais Harooni, Jessica Donati, Hamid Shalizi.; Writing by Kay Johnson; Editing by Mike Collett-White, Nick Macfie, Robert Birsel)

In honor of Transparent 's five Emmy wins , Amazon is offering a discount on Prime membership. For 24 hours, beginning at midnight/ET on Friday, Sept. 25, new customers will be able to sign up for a Prime membership for only $67 at Amazon.com/TransparentPrime. The service, which includes free shipping, typically costs $99. On Sunday, Amazon's original series Transparent made history for the company when it took home a handful of major Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy for Jeffrey Tambor and Outstanding Directing in a Comedy for creator Jill Soloway. Other Links From TVGuide.com

HIGH Tide Times 
 
 Monday Sep 7th are at: 0603 and 1839 
Tuesday Sep 8th are at: 0723 and 2009 
Wednesday Sep 9th are at: 0843 and 2120 
Thursday Sep 10th are at: 0945 and 2213 
Friday Sep 11th are at: 1034 and 2257 
Saturday Sep 12th are at: 1114 and 2334 
Sunday Sep 13th are at: 1148 and ----  
 
LOW Tide Times 
 
 Monday Sep 7th are at: ---- and 1209 
Tuesday Sep 8th are at: 0100 and 1336 
Wednesday Sep 9th are at: 0219 and 1456 
Thursday Sep 10th are at: 0318 and 1553 
Friday Sep 11th are at: 0401 and 1634 
Saturday Sep 12th are at: 0437 and 1708 
Sunday Sep 13th are at: 0511 and 1739  
 
(All times are GMT - add one hour for British Summer Time) 
 
To calculate other high tides in Essex and on The Thames: 
 
Walton on the Naze - same time as Harwich Harbour 
Bradwell - add 21 minutes 
Southend - add 50 minutes 
Tilbury - add 1 hour, 15 minutes 
London Bridge - add 2 hours, 10 minutes 
Brightlingsea - add 23 minutes 
Burnham-on-Crouch - add 42 minutes 
Clacton - add 11 minutes 
Felixstowe Pier - subtract 11 minutes 
Wivenhoe - add 27 minutes 
River Stour - Mistley - add 25 minutes 
 
All information courtesy of Harwich Haven Authority:  
 
 www.hha.co.uk  
 
Did you know? 
   
 Share article  
   
The pull of the moon and sun are the main cause of tides on Earth but 100 other scientific factors affect the timing and height of tides. 
Tide prediction is getting better all the time, and official tidal predictions are available up to two years in advance. 
There is roughly 12 hrs 25 minutes between each high tide. 
Especially high tides are called spring tides, but they have nothing to do with the season and actually occur twice a month. Spring tides also mean lower low water. The opposite to a spring tide is a neap tide. 
"Did you know?" was collated with the help of  
 
 Proudman Oceanographic Laboratory

In the 1st inning on Monday night, the Mets loaded the bases with nobody out. Perhaps two weeks ago an extended rally was certain, particularly with the team facing the completely moribund Braves. Now that the air has seemingly been let out of the Mets, it didn't seem like such a guaranteed proposition. Lucas Duda popped out for the first out. Travis d'Arnaud followed by hitting what looked like a sure Double Play ball right to Adonis Garcia at 3rd. I groaned, because at least that's what I figured would be the case. But Yoenis Cespedes slid hard into 2nd and took Daniel Castro out of the play, allowing d'Arnaud to reach and Curtis Granderson to score.
Lost in this play was Daniel Murphy, who had been running from 2nd to 3rd on the play and pulled up to try to avoid getting tagged out. However, Murphy then apparently decided he'd had enough of this and turned towards second to watch the play, as opposed to doing his job and continuing to run to 3rd. By time it dawned on him that he probably should have done that, it was unfortunately too late as Garcia threw back to Overratedton Simmons and Murphy was tagged out to end the inning, a rather odd but perfectly Murphian 5-4-6 Double Play.
In the 3rd inning, Jon Niese, who by this point had retired the first 8 Braves to face him, all on ground balls, walked Shelby Miller, the opposing pitcher. This was bad enough, but Shelby Miller, hitting .059 on the season is clearly a lousy hitter even for a pitcher. Michael Bourn followed by hitting a clean single through the right side. Castro followed by grounding to short, but Wilmer Flores' throw was a little wide and pulled Lucas Duda off the base at 1st and Castro was aboard on the error. By now, you probably had a good sense of where this was heading. Niese has made a career out of letting these minor irritants snowball into full-blown bloodbaths. This season, it's probably happened to him every other time he's taken the mound. Freddie Freeman, who was due for a good Met-killing moment, was coming to the plate. Everything was once again about to go haywire.
But it didn't. Freeman hit a rope to center that kind of knuckled a little bit, but Cespedes caught the ball and the Braves were turned away.
The Mets, in addition to their ill-gotten 1st inning run, had every opportunity to run Shelby Miller out of the building. Michael Conforto hit a Home Run in the 2nd inning, another opposite-field shot, as his power display continues to impress. Miller then came about as close to completely unraveling as you can, but the Mets ultimately let him off the hook. He walked Niese, walked Granderson and was honing in on 60 pitches in the 2nd inning. For Miller, a good pitcher, this season must be so demoralizing. He hasn't won a game in what, 22 straight starts? Somehow, he sucked it up and got through 6 innings, which is a credit to him.
So, Niese survived his attack of himself and managed to make it through 6 innings, although I think he may have been pre-emptively removed as he'd only thrown 87 pitches. Then again, with Niese, you try not to press your luck. Addison Reed threw a clean 7th inning. The Mets doubled their lead when Murphy double home 2 runs and remembered to keep running until he reached his intended base. Tyler Clippard returned to the mound with a mostly uneventful 8th inning (if you consider a hit and two Wild Pitches uneventful) and Jeurys Familia, though not in a Save situation, closed out a sanity-saving 4-0 victory.
This was my 20th game of the season at Citi Field, a lofty number that I haven't reached since 1999, and for those 20 games, this is the 13th the Mets have won. There becomes less and less to say about these games as the days wind down because basically, either the Mets win or the game stunk. Fortunately, the Mets won. The crowd seemed partially into things, which was OK. Last Monday, the game I was at was basically amateur hour because I found myself sitting around people that weren't paying attention to the game altogether. There were also about 12,000 fans there and this was a relevant team playing a relevant game. Of course, last week, the Mets were playing the irrelevant Marlins. Last night, the crowd was a bit heartier, even though they were playing the equally irrelevant Braves. I wonder if the fans are finally starting to develop a bit of a sense of urgency here. Lord knows the Mets could use the extra energy.

NEWS I Need Your Help!Posted: September 21, 2015, 11:17:27
There has been a lot of now followers both on facebook, twitter and here on the Internet recently and I just want to make you aware of a few things that I need your help with. OK, here we go.
Mr Mercedes Revival
Finders Keepers
Link on how to send in photo is on each page. Here are my photos to give you an idea...
I want to post as many photos as I can of you, the King fans, with his books. And a lot of you have sent in photos but I bet there are more of you out there that have the books and want to be part of this. So, check these pages out and then send in your photo with any of these three books (the photo should be a photo of you and the book, not just the book). Any edition and language goes.
Im trying to decide what book the fans like the best and for that I need you to vote. Head over here and cast your vote for the best book!
OK thats it. I hope youll all help me out with this! Thanks!
/ Lilja
To the news archive

Durable goods orders dropped 2% in August sending the markets tumbling to a sharply lower open with the Dow crashing 242 points to 16,037. Nasdaq plummeted 64 points to 4,688. 
   On the upside 
Arrowhead Research ( Nasdaq: ARWR ) reported positive data from a Heparc-2001 Phase 2a study of ARC-520 to treat chronic hepatitis B. 

Clinical data for Capnia's ( Nasdaq: CAPN ) CoSense was published online in Neonatology and will appear in the January 2016 print edition. 

Arch Coal ( NYSE: ACI ) extended its private debt exchange offers. 

On the downside 

A jury found that Samsung and Google ( Nasdaq: GOOG ) did not infringe on Pendrell's ( Nasdaq: PCO ) patents. 

Caterpillar ( NYSE: CAT ) cut its 2015 revenue outlook and will eliminate approximately 5,000 jobs by the end of 2016. 

JPMorgan downgraded DigitalGlobe ( NYSE: DGI ) from an Overweight rating to a Neutral rating. 

In the broad market, declining issues outpaced advancers by a margin of 7 to 2 on the NYSE and by nearly 7 to 2 on Nasdaq. The broader S&P 500 plunged 22 points to 1,915. Bitcoin added $2 to $231.

SOURCE Sino Agro Food, Inc.

GUANGZHOU, China 

The Company will host a conference call to introduce its new Board member nominee and discuss plans. The call will be Thursday, September 17, 2015 

Conference Call Information

To participate in the conference call please use the following information:

About Sino Agro Food, Inc. Sino Agro Food, Inc. is an agriculture technology and natural food holding company with principal operations in the People's Republic of China 

News and updates about Sino Agro Food, Inc., including key information, are published on the Company's website (9/17 http://www.sinoagrofood.com), the Company's Facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/SinoAgroFoodInc), and on twitter @SinoAgroFood.

Forward Looking Statements

This release may contain forward-looking statements relating to the business of SIAF and its subsidiary companies. All statements other than historical facts are forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believes," "expects" or similar expressions. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are based on SIAF's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on SIAF. There is no assurance that future developments affecting SIAF will be those anticipated by SIAF. SIAF undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under applicable securities laws.

Not a Broker/Dealer or Financial Advisor

Sino Agro Food, Inc. is not a Registered Broker/Dealer or a Financial Advisor, nor does it hold itself out to be a Registered Broker/Dealer or Financial Advisor. All material presented in this press release, on the Company's website or other media is not to be regarded as investment advice and is only for informative purposes. Readers should verify all claims and conduct their own due diligence before investing in Sino Agro Food, Inc. Investing in small-cap, micro cap and penny stock securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk.

No Offer of Securities

None of the information featured in this press release constitutes an offer or solicitation to purchase or to sell any securities of Sino Agro Food, Inc.

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150803/254079LOGO 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sino-agro-food-schedules-conference-call-300142074.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

Company News: Page (1) of 1 - 09/14/15     print
	    	page Cited for Standing Out for Consistent Platform Updates, Forward-Looking Vision, and Highly Positive Customer References in the Backend-as-a-Service Space   (September 14, 2015) 
RESTON, VA--(Marketwired - September 14, 2015) - AnyPresence , the leading platform for enterprise digital transformation, today announced that it has been recognized as a leader in "The Forrester Wave: Mobile Infrastructure Services, Q3 2015" report by Forrester Research, Inc. AnyPresence was among select companies that Forrester invited to participate and was cited as a leader in the mobile infrastructure services space, which includes vendor categories such as mobile middleware, backend-as-a-service, and API management. 

Forrester evaluated the strengths and weaknesses of 10 top mobile infrastructure services vendors, looking at the depth of their capabilities across seven classes of mobile infrastructure services that development teams need. They based the results off of each vendor's current offering, strategy and market presence. 

"AnyPresence is a market Leader in mobile infrastructure services due to strength in the core disciplines of the space, current customers that cannot find enough good things to say, and a vision for the future that will not disrupt today's success," stated the recently published report. "[The AnyPresence] model affords flexibility in core areas like enterprise data connectivity, a robust business logic platform, and a frequent platform update schedule for both cloud and on-premises deployments." 

AnyPresence offers the most comprehensive set of capabilities to help enterprises bring APIs and apps to market faster, at a lower total cost of ownership, and with more flexibility than any other solution. The platform components are loosely coupled, so customers can use AnyPresence Smart SDKs, JustAPIs , or backend servers independently and in any combination based on project requirements. Furthermore, AnyPresence complements existing enterprise infrastructure and governance policies, enabling Bimodal IT strategies for digital innovation. 

 
"We are honored to be recognized as a leader in mobile infrastructure services in Forrester's Wave," said Anirban Chakrabarti, CEO of AnyPresence. "Our proven product leadership, relentless pursuit of customer satisfaction, and a vision for the future are all reasons why many of the world's leading organizations are choosing AnyPresence to power their mobile initiatives and drive digital transformation within their businesses." 

Additional Resources 
Download a complimentary copy of the Forrester Wave report Read today's blog about the Forrester Wave report Learn how customers are using AnyPresence Download JustAPIs to get started building microservices Calculate your ROI from using the AnyPresence platform Follow us on Twitter or Like us on Facebook 
About AnyPresence 
AnyPresence is an enterprise platform for digital transformation that enables API microservices, enterprise mobility, and IoT app ecosystem initiatives. AnyPresence is venture-backed and was founded in 2011 by former SAP, Oracle and Cisco executives. 
The platform empowers users to build APIs and cross-platform apps following IT governance and best practices. The patented AnyPresence architecture provides source code access to UI test kits, SDKs, and backend servers, which can be deployed in the cloud or on-premise. The solution can uniquely support innovation ecosystems of users and citizen developers from any web portal. AnyPresence is recognized for its award-winning technology and unparalleled customer service, and reliably powers thousands of APIs and apps for large enterprises including Citi, Jabil, MasterCard and Schneider Electric. For more information, visit www.anypresence.com . 
 
Contact 
Jessica Rampen 
Senior director of PR 
650-787-3548 
jrampen@anypresence.com 
 
Copyright @ Marketwire 
Page: 1  
 
Related Keywords: Internet, Business Issues, Architecture, Management, CEO/CFO, Marketwire,  Inc., Internet Technology, Business, Other, 

Source:Marketwire.
 All Rights Reserved

NEWARK –  The city's downtown may soon be home to another new hotel. 
 
Hari Newark Urban Renewal LLC has filed plans with the city to convert the former Catholic Charities building at 1136-1166 Raymond Boulevard into a Homewood Suites Hotel by Hilton extended-stay hotel. 
 
The Edison-based developer is also seeking a 20-year tax abatement from the city, which the Municipal Council could approve at its regular meeting Wednesday night. 
 
The 12-story building across from Military Park is currently vacant. It is bordered by a parking garage to the east, and Commerce Court to the west. 
 PLUS:  Newark alters regulations to pave way for potential downtown casino 

Hilton spokeswoman Tiffany Wilson said she had no information on when the hotel might open or any agreement with Hari Newark Urban Renewal. 
 
Public records indicate that the Edison-based development company is owned by Mehendra Patel, who could not be reached for comment. 
 
The new hotel would be one of several planned to open around Newark in the coming years, after the city went nearly four decades without a single new one. 
 
That streak ended in 2012, when the Courtyard Marriott opened near the Prudential Center arena downtown , and others have followed, including the boutique Hotel Indigo on Broad Street. 
 
Last year, officials approved plans for a Carvi Hotel at the intersection of Lafayette and Monroe streets – the first to be built in the city's Ironbound section . 
 
Hilton also has plans for a 108-room Home2 Suites hotel on Haynes Avenue in the South Ward, close to the site of a proposed new train station along a new leg of the PATH rail line to Newark Liberty International Airport. 
 
Wilson said that hotel is projected to open in December 2017. 
 
Dan Ivers may be reached at divers@njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter at @DanIversNJ . Find NJ.com on

Carrots in baked goods don’t exactly constitute a serving of vegetables, especially considering that carrots typically make their appearance in layer cakes that are slathered with cream cheese frosting. While a classic carrot cake can be delicious, it isn’t the only way to bring carrots into your baked goods. These Whole Grain Harvest Carrot Muffins are a fantastic way to incorporate some carrots into your daily baking this season – no frosting required. 
 
These muffins start with a blend of regular all purpose and whole wheat flours. I avoided using all whole wheat flour because I did not want the muffins to feel to heavy or dense, and using a blend of flours gives them a much lighter texture. You can also use white whole wheat flour for both of the flours for a very similar result. The muffins are sweetened with brown sugar and a generous amount of spice before carrots are shredded up and stirred in to the batter. In these muffins, you can use regular orange carrots or rainbow carrots , which will add some flecks of color into the crumb of the muffins. After baking, the muffins are moist and tender, with some great spiciness a hint of nuttiness from the whole wheat flour blending into the sweet flavors of carrot and molasses (from the brown sugar). You’ll want to warm them up and serve them alongside a steaming mug of coffee on a cool morning, while you watch the colors of the leaves change. 
 
These muffins have an excellent flavor on their own, and I typically serve them as-is or with a side of whipped cream cheese. If you want to add a little more texture to your muffins, stir in half a cup of raisins or half a cup of chopped, toasted pecans. Both ingredients will add a bit of extra flavor to the muffins and are nice variations to have in your back pocket. The muffins are ready-to-eat on the day they are baked, however they will keep well for 1-2 days after baking when stored in an airtight container. 
 

 
 
Whole Wheat Harvest Carrot Muffins 
3/4 cup all purpose flour 
3/4 cup whole wheat flour 
1 tsp baking soda 
1 tsp ground cinnamon 
1/4 tsp ground cloves 
1/4 tsp freshly ground nutmeg 
1/4 tsp salt 
1/4 cup vegetable oil 
1 cup brown sugar 
1 large egg 
1 1/2 cups shredded carrots (2-3 medium carrots) 
1/2 cup buttermilk 
optional: 1/2 cup raisins or chopped, toasted nuts 
 
Preheat oven to 375F. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with paper liners. 
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, spices and salt. 
In a large bowl, whisk together vegetable oil, brown sugar and egg, stirring until the mixture is smooth. Stir in the shredded carrots, followed by half of the dry ingredient mixture. Stir in the buttermilk, followed by the remaining flour mixture. Stir in raisins or nuts, if using. Divide batter evenly into prepared muffin cups. 
Bake for 18-20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean and the top springs back when lightly pressed. 
Turn muffins out to cool on a wire rack before serving. 
 
Makes 12.

Police have released the name of the driver who died when his car hit a truck in the Waimana Gorge on Monday. 

He was 52-year-old Christopher Peter Stacey. 

Mr Stacey moved to Ohope earlier this year having previously lived in  Auckland. He was employed as a media and event sales consultant at the Whakatane News. 

The serious crash unit is currently investigating the cause of the crash. 

Police would like to thanks members of the public who have come forward to assist with their enquiries. 

- Whakatane News

Anheuser-Busch InBev NV said Wednesday that it is buying Los Angeles-based brewery Golden Road Brewing, the beer giant's latest effort to tap into the growing demand for craft beers. 

Terms of the deal weren't disclosed. AB InBev, the world's largest beer company with brands like Budweiser and Bud Light, has made a concerted push over the last several years to catch up with American consumers, who increasingly are trading mild-flavored lagers like Bud Light for more flavorful India Pale Ales and porters made by craft breweries. 

Golden Road road is the largest craft brewery in Los Angeles. Its beers include Point the Way IPA, Wolf Among Weeds IPA, Golden Road Hefeweizen and a collection of seasonal brews. The company, which sells both canned and draft beers, expects to sell 45,000 barrels of beer this year. 

The acquisition is expected to close in the fourth quarter of the year. 

The deal is AB InBev's fifth craft-brewery acquisition since 2011. AB InBev bought its first craft brewer in 2011, paying $38.8 million for Chicago-based Goose Island. It has also picked up Patchogue, N.Y.-based Blue Point Brewing Co., Bend, Ore.-based 10 Barrel, and Seattle-based Elysian Brewing Co. 

The Golden Road acquisition will give AB InBev a foothold in the growing Los Angeles craft beer market. Golden Road sold approximately 45,000 barrels of beer in 2015. Recent brewery acquisitions have priced craft brewers at more than $1,000 a barrel. Craft's share of the U.S. beer market has more than doubled over the past decade to 9%, while share for mainstream beers like Budweiser and Miller Lite have fallen to 77% from 86%, according to industry tracker Beer Marketer's Insights. Imported beer makes up the rest of the market. 

The Golden Road deal is the third craft deal this month. MillerCoors LLC, a joint venture between SABMiller and Molson Coors Brewing Co., recently announced a deal for San Diego-based Saint Archer. Dutch Brewer Heineken NV said earlier this month it took a 50% stake in Lagunitas Brewing, the sixth-largest independent brewer in the U.S. 

The deal comes as AB InBev pursues beverage-maker SABMiller PLC, a bold move that, if successful, would create a brewing giant that would dominate much of the global beer market. 

A deal would allow the new beer behemoth to take big mainstream brands like Budweiser and Stella Artois, which have been languishing in key markets, into new corners of the globe. The deal could also help the two brewers resist the growing popularity of craft beers. 

SABMiller has said that its board "will review and respond as appropriate to any proposal which might be made." 

Write to Chelsey Dulaney at Chelsey.Dulaney@wsj.com and Tripp Mickle at Tripp.Mickle@wsj.com Access Investor Kit for "AB InBev"

Visit http://www.companyspotlight.com/partner?cp_code=P479&isin=BE0003793107

Access Investor Kit for "AB InBev"

Visit http://www.companyspotlight.com/partner?cp_code=P479&isin=US03524A1088

Subscribe to WSJ: http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires (END) Dow Jones Newswires

September 23, 2015 13:45 ET (17:45 GMT)

twiterlessjane: there is a joncates lookalike at this show. Are you in Lexington KY ??!!-- &middot; Replyhumpschapel: lukexhemmings ugh im in lexington it seems like everyone here lives in Louisville omg-- &middot; Replyjenzim: I love my bed in lexington a stupid amount.-- &middot; Reply<a target"blank" rel'nofo...

Eliza  RT @MatKim_ : #Tecno http://t.co/kqLoTrjmGq #Tech  #Tecnolog ía http://t.co/dm…  7 minutes ago 

Matthew Kim   #Tecno 4 big reasons why IT staff are more unhappy than others at work http://t.co/kqLoTrjmGq #Tech  #Tecnolog ía http://t.co/dmYJO5qe9K  8 minutes ago 

Apple Core  4 big reasons why IT staff are more unhappy than others at work: IT workers get a fair share of respect and ad... http://t.co/gBTsG48177  8 minutes ago 

ITBlogs  via @ITworld 4 big reasons why IT staff are more unhappy than others at work http://t.co/GAG8T8aXUU  32 minutes ago

Another lawsuit to add to the pile. 

Tygais getting sued left and right. 

According to TMZ, T-Raww can add another lawsuit to the list. On top of getting sued by his former manager, being sued for club hopping in Las Vegas and for unpaid back rent over a mansion in Calabasas, Calif., Tyga is now facing a tax lien from the State of California. TMZ reports that the State of California is suing him for $19,124.98 for allegedly shorting California on his 2009, 2010 and 2011 bills. 

Click here to read full story »

SI 2015/1694: The registrar of companies can disclose restricted information about a director’s date of birth to specified public authorities from 10 October 2015. The government wants to ensure the information on the public companies register is accurate and useful without becoming an identity theft tool.

Looking to start a business, but short on cash? Not to worry; there are plenty of business ideas you can consider that cost little to start up. Offer a Unique Service as a Business Because providing services requires little to no overhead (your own expertise is the product, and that comes for free!) services are a great field to explore when starting your business. Here are a few to consider, depending on your expertise: Freelance writing Accounting services Legal consultation Business consulting IT management Marketing services Beyond the services you’ll offer, your expenses to start a service business should be relatively low. Heck, you can start one with just a laptop and nothing else! As you grow, though, invest in your marketing efforts to attract more business. Hobby to Business If you’ve dabbled in something you’re passionate about as a hobby, whether that be sewing or dog walking, consider building a business around it. Here are some examples: Selling crafts or homemade items on Etsy Buying used books at garage sales and selling on Amazon Pet sitting Photography Usually these hobby-type businesses can ramp up slowly and you don’t have to lay out large amounts of cash up front to get started. Simply post a few items on Etsy or list your services on a neighborhood flyer, and you’re in business! Start a Part Time Business Some businesses don’t even require you to quit your job to start. You can easily run businesses like these from home in your free time, and you won’t need to invest much to get started: Affiliate partnerships A blog with paid advertisers Writing Dog walking To Start That Business on the Right Foot… Once you decide which low-cost business you want to start, make sure you take care of these essential business tasks: Conduct a business name search to ensure you choose a unique name Form an LLC or a corporation to protect your personal assets Research what business licenses and permits you need to get started Open a business bank account and keep business transactions separate Invest in marketing to attract new business Keep your business compliant by filing your Annual Report When you start a business, you’ll need to form an LLC or corporation. Do it the fast and affordable way by letting CorpNet do the heavy lifting for you! Get a free quote today. Image: DollarPhotoClub Related

Boston News.Net  Monday 21st September, 2015  
  WASHINGTON - Landfill disposal rates in the US at 262 million tonnes a year in 2012 is more than double what has been estimated by the federal Environmental Protection Agency, according to a study by three US environmental scientists. 
The study report published Monday in Nature Climate Change, states that the volume of waste in landfills, a major source of the potent greenhouse gas methane, was grossly underestimated in the United States in 2012. 
 
Landfill disposal of municipal solid waste represents one of the largest anthropogenic global methane emission sources. Recent policy approaches have targeted significant reduction of these emissions to combat climate change in the US. 
 
The study found that as against 122 million tons of garbage estimated to have been dumped in 2012 by the EPA, there was around 262 million tons of garbage dumped in landfills that year, the environmental scientists wrote. 
 
"This suggested that methane emissions, from the decomposition of municipal waste at these dumps, was also undercounted," the report states. 
 
The scientists claimed to have used a different methodology which was the "most accurate for the US so far" than the EPA. 
 
The efficacy of active gas collection systems in the US was also examined by the scientists by analyzing performance data, including fire occurrence, from more than 850 landfills. 
 
The study's primary goal was to learn more about the efficiency of methane capture systems at landfills, which are more effective after a landfill stops accepting new waste, said study co-author Jon T. Powell, a Yale doctoral student. 
 
"When a landfill reaches the end of its life, an engineered cap or barrier system is installed to seal off the waste material from the environment," Powell said. 
 
"Open landfills typically have some areas that are 'closed' in this manner, but also have areas that do not have permanent caps, and it is more difficult to extract methane and other gases that are generated in these areas." 
 
The study found that gas collection systems at closed landfills were significantly more efficient and on average 17 percentage points more efficient than those at open landfills, but open landfills were found to represent 91 percent of all landfill methane emissions. "These results demonstrate the clear need to target open landfills to achieve significant near-term methane emission reductions," states the report. 
 
Landfills represent the third-largest, man-made source of methane in the United States -- about 18 percent of domestic emissions, according to the report. 
 
Methane lives for a shorter time in the atmosphere than carbon dioxide (CO2), the most abundant greenhouse gas (GHG), but traps far more of the heat radiated from Earth's surface. 
 
The scientists calculated that the average rate of landfill waste disposal was increasing at a rate of about 0.3 percent per year. 
 
The underestimation of the waste disposal and the emission in the United States has raised the spectre of similar miscalculations in the rest of the world. 
 
"A high reliance on land filling has been observed in the EU (European Union) and in developing nations, similar to the US," wrote the researchers. 
 
"Improving the collection of LFG at open landfills, must be a target for policymakers, researchers and practitioners to achieve near-term GHG emission reductions in the waste sector."

The APS's largest department is battling to win hearts and minds. With very simple mathematics. 

More public service newsDHS wage showdown loomsTax Office offers front-loaded pay deal

The federal government's largest department, Human Services, is battling to win the hearts and minds of its 34,000 public servants before they begin voting Friday on a new wage offer.

Workers at the giant department are being told that 1.5 per cent pay offer is better than a 0.00 per cent pay offer as management hammers its message with a "get the facts" poster blitz.

Public servants at DHS sites around Australia arrived at work on Thursday to be confronted with "Vote-Yes" screensavers on their computers as management pull out all the stops ahead of the poll.

Meantime at the Australian Taxation Office, bosses are battling just to get a ballot up and running as unions take their grievances with the process to the industrial umpire.

Campaigning at DHS is reaching fever pitch with the department's senior management and their adversaries in the Community and Public Sector Union blitzing Centrelink, Medicare and Child Support Agency workplaces around the nation with their campaign posters.

Better than nothing? tell us what you think at ps@canberratimes.com.au

Senior management at the department want to see an end to the troubled bargaining process which has been dogging the department since early 2014 but are up against a determined CPSU effort in the most heavily unionised federal department.

The boss's message urges public servants to "get the facts", arguing their offer of 1.5 per cent over three years is the "best pay offer around".

"1.5% is better than 00.0%, that's a fact!" the poster declares.

"Low pay offer? It's the best pay offer around and that's a fact too!"

In its response, the CPSU is using the image of public service minister Eric Abetz who the union believes is one of its best assets as it works for the large no-vote it needs to maintain the momentum for its campaign against the Abbott government's public sector wage policies.

One poster depicts the minister pushing down on rights, conditions, wages and jobs while another highlights the improvements to the offer that have already been made in the face of the wholesale rejection of earlier proposals.

Voting begins on Friday and ends on Thursday, September 10.

Meantime at the Australian Taxation Office, unions have applied to the Fair Work Commission for "bargaining orders" forcing Tax Office bosses to disclose more information before a vote on their wage offer is held.

Senior management are keen to hold a ballot of their 18,000 public servants . But the Australian Services Union, backed by the CPSU, says it needs to know more about Commissioner Jordan's plans for productivity improvements and cost savings between this financial year and 2018-2019.

But the ATO's human resources boss Geoff Leeper say he wants to go to a ballot as soon as possible.

"We think that is fair and reasonable after more than 12 months of negotiations," Mr Leeper told workers on Wednesday.

The ATO is seeking a fast-tracked resolution to the dispute from the FWC. The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

Project Manager with Teradata Exp at Sunnyvale,CA-94085 terça-feira, 1 de setembro de 2015 06:18 Postado por Cesar Greetings, My name is Neeraj Singh and I am recruiter at eTeam Inc. eTeam Inc is a global contingency staffing firm servicing fortune 1000 clients globally.We have an excellent job opportunity with one of our client. Title:  Project Manager with Teradata Exp
Location:  Sunnyvale,CA-94085
Duration: 5 Months Rate $55/hr on c2c Job Description:- ·         User Experience working with business directly 5-10 years Analytics and Reporting BI and Data Warehousing experience. ·         5-10 years Project Management Experience managing projects including driving issues. ·          Communication Skills Strong verbal and written communication ·         5-10 years Experience creating presentation for project kickoff and status updates. ·          UI Technology Experience with BI reporting tools 5-10 years Business Objects Analytical Skills Able to understand source system data and perform data analysis to translate business requirements into functional documentation. ·         5-10 years Database Technologies Ability to run queries to extract data for data analysis/research 5-10 years Teradata, Hadoop.     Thanks & Regards,   Neeraj Singh Technical Recruiter   eTeam Inc –"ACCELERATED HIRES" 1001 Durham Avenue South Plainfield, NJ 07080-2300 Efficiency, Synergy, Expertise Direct: 732-318-3819 Desk:732-248-1900 x 150 neerajs@eteaminc.com , www.eteaminc.com ......................... Note: Please allow me to reiterate that I chose to contact you either because your resume had been posted to one of the internet job sites to which we subscribe, or you had previously submitted your resume to eTeam Inc. I assumed that you are either looking for a new employment opportunity, or you are interested in investigating the current job market.   If you are not currently seeking employment, or if you would prefer I contact you at some later date, please indicate your date of availability so that I may honor your request. In any event, I respectfully recommend you continue to avail yourself to the employment options and job market information we provide with our e-mail notices. Thanks again. Neeraj Singh   -- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Hotlist of US Consultants" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to usaconsultants+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To post to this group, send email to usaconsultants@googlegroups.com.
Visit this group at http://groups.google.com/group/usaconsultants.
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.
0 Response to "Project Manager with Teradata Exp at Sunnyvale,CA-94085" Postar um comentário Postagem mais recente Postagem mais antiga Página inicial Assinar: Postar comentários (Atom)

It’s our holiday time so we’ll be taking a break during the week until the end of the month but will be checking in with our Saturday selections and the exclusives will be sent daily as usual….. See you soon.......

Old River Baptist Church on FM 1409, just over the county line into Chambers County, held a dinner Saturday evening, Sept. 26, to hear from representatives of Operation Christmas Child. 
  
Among the representatives was Alex Nsengimana, a survivor of the tribal war and attempted genocide in Rwanda during the mid-1990s, whose life was brightened once as a 7-year-old orphan when he received a shoebox filled with school supplies, candy and other items sent to his orphanage from Operation Christmas Child. It was the first present he had ever gotten. 
 
Pastor Mark Brumbelow of tiny Grace Baptist Church in Brazoria, Texas, also spoke Saturday evening. He described the success his 25 to 30-member congregation has had over the past 10 years packing and shipping shoeboxes full of the things small children might want or need. With the local CATO store saving boxes for them, his congregation filled 43 shoeboxes in 2013. The next year, believing the Almighty was leading him to do so, Brumbelow set for his church the goal of filling and shipping 500 shoeboxes in 2014. He said they exceeded their goal and shipped 536 boxes last year. Shipping costs $7 per box, so $3,500 were needed to ship 500 boxes, but as collection week neared and money was short, Brumbelow said, unexpected donations came in, including a $1,000 donation from a visitor to his church. 
 
Brumbelow said his church’s goal for this year is to pack and ship 2,000 shoeboxes, and they have 1,004 boxes packed so far. 
 
Nsengimana began his speech by saying that while telling his story, he did not want the audience to hear it as only his story. “I pray that you can see yourself in it,” he told the audience, and see what God can do in their lives. 
 
“I was born and raised in a very tiny little country called Rwanda,” he said, “You can fit maybe 20 Rwanda in Texas, that’s how small it is.” 
 
“In the 1800s we were colonized by Belgium and Germany. While we were colonized they divided Rwanda into three tribes”— the Tutsi, the Hutu, and the Twa. 
 
A revolutionary movement took place in 1959 and many members of Nsengimana’s tribe, the Tutsi, fled the country that was afterwards dominated by the Hutu majority. 
 
Civil war erupted several times, most recently in 1990, and in 1994 the Hutu controlled army and militia attempted to exterminate the Tutsi. 
 
“As a little boy I was raised by my grandmother who would take me to church, and I loved her very much,” Nsengimana said. “My family was part of the Tutsi tribe, and through the years my grandmother faced a lot of hostility.” 
 
When Nsengimana was then 6 years old, he said the militia came to his village on April 17, 1994 and killed his grandmother. He and his brother were taken in by an aunt and uncle, but the militia returned later searching for his uncle. 
 
After this he was cared for by another aunt and uncle in the city, but shortly after the war his uncle passed away and his aunt also became ill. Unable to care for him and his brother, Nsengimana’s aunt placed them in a crowded orphanage, and it was there that he received the package from Operation Christmas Child. 
 
Among the miracles Nsengimana said he experienced as a small child, he described a gunman’s magazine dropping out of his rifle just before he would have fired on Nsengimana and other children. He also described running from gunfire and slipping on a cow pie and falling just as he heard a bullet whiz over his head. 
 
Later, as a teenager Nsengimana had the opportunity to come to the United States, and while attending high school in the U.S. became involved with Operation Christmas Child. 
 
Operation Christmas Child is a project of Samaritan’s Purse, and according to information provided by them, Samaritan’s Purse “is a nondenominational evangelical Christian organization providing spiritual and physical aid to hurting people around the world” that has operated since 1970. Operation Christmas Child asks volunteers pack each shoebox with one nice toy — such as a doll, a stuffed animal or a soccer ball (with pump) — along with other toys, hygiene items and school supplies. Boxes are collected in mid-November to be delivered by Christmas. 
 
Franklin Graham, son of Billy Graham, is chairman of the board, president and CEO of Samaritan’s Purse.

The article below represents a preview only and is not meant for reuse or republishing. 
New Delhi, Sept. 27 -- A day after a BJP MP demanded the removal of Najeeb Jung as the lieutenant governor of Delhi, chief minister Arvind Kejriwal mounted a surprising defence of the latter, saying Jung was a "good man with bad political bosses". Removing him would be of no help as his successor too would follow the orders of the prime minister's office (PMO), Kejriwal said on Twitter. 
"Congress and BJP both demanding Sh Najeeb Jung's removal? Strange. Is he at fault? No. He is doin what PMO is asking him to do (sic)" Kejriwal, who has been locked in fierce confrontation with Jung on a number of issues, said on Saturday. 

"Removing him will not help. His successor would also do the same if PMO kept interfering. Real solution is PMO should...

Boston, MA -- ( SBWIRE ) -- 09/09/2015 -- What is a loan and how can one get it? What are the most effective ways to develop budget and increase profit? Are there are pros and cons of having a bank account? These and other questions worry most customers nowadays, so Imprest.net offers everyone a unique chance to get answers to most financial questions one may have today. 

Imprest.net is an online project that is considered the industry leader of payday loan cash advances. They understand that many people can have several debts at a time and, correspondingly, face troubles managing them. This is what they tell about the company and its purpose: "Having a joint account or any kind of a loan is a challenge most people face nowadays. Unfortunately, not all of them manage to find the best solution to the problem, which results in the financial loss. The main goal of our company is to help our clients handle such situations in the most effective, affordable, comfortable and easy way." 

Experts working for Imprest.net are skilled, trained, knowledgeable and experienced specialists that are ready to provide the required support and piece of advice 24/7. They believe that "helping others understand what they are saving for is a great defense for the budget, which often speaks for itself." 

The website contains tons of useful, helpful and detailed articles about different kinds of loans, bank accounts characteristics, budget planning, tax refunding, saving account options, balance sheet notes, petty cash fund request letter samples, online and offline merchant account services, mortgage down payment requirements and assistance etc. One can also calculate the down payment size directly at the website, using the online calculator they offer for free. 

Another important category the company deals with is checking accounts, the information about which is accessible at http://imprest.net/checking-account.html . Imprest specialists are ready to provide all kinds of online help associated with the creation and management of different kinds of checking accounts, including online, free, high interest checking accounts and other related offers. 

The company worked really hard to develop its own Imprest System that helps control fraud and theft and focuses on taking care of the company customers' financial needs. They say that "today there exist different types of loans that can help one buy a car or a house or start business in less than no time. However, not all customers know that, just like any financial operation, loans can make them victims of versatile frauds. The advanced Imprest System is intended to protect people from theft and fraud by making the customers aware of the available financial tricks and systems." 

For more information, please, visit Imprest.net 

About Imprest.net 
Imprest.net is an online project that is considered the industry leader of payday loan cash advances. The company's specialists are ready to provide all kinds of online help associated with the creation and management of different kinds of checking accounts, including online, free, high interest options and other related offers. The company developed its own Imprest System that helps control fraud and theft and focuses on taking care of the company's customers. 

Contact Info: 
Contact Person: John Scott 
Tel.: 617-439-4092 
Address: 59 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110, USA 
E-mail: support@imprest.net 
Website: http://imprest.net/

Albany Times UnionFor some girls' soccer teams, uphill battle in Suburban CouncilAlbany Times Union"Take away a few mistakes, and it's different," the Troy girls' soccer coach said of the early season defeat by Mohonasen. "You learn pretty fast here, if you give these teams an inch, they'll take three goals." The learning curve must feel like it ...

DES MOINES, Iowa — He's behind in the polls and has spent little time in Iowa of late, but Chris Christie is set to get a major bump in the leadoff caucus state with endorsements from nearly all of the local Republican heavyweights who tried to recruit him to run four years ago. 
 
Six of the seven big-money donors and activists who flew to New Jersey to urge the Republican governor to run in the 2012 race plan to formally endorse Christie in Des Moines Tuesday. The news was first reported by The Des Moines Register. 
 
"What we've looked at and come around to is similar thoughts as in 2011," said Bruce Rastetter, a major GOP donor who made his fortune in the pork and ethanol industries. "We need blunt, bold leadership. We need somebody that can actually govern." 
 
Of the seven who hopped aboard the private plane to the East coast in 2011, two have long been vocal supporters and one has said he would not endorse because he works for an elected official. Getting the majority to publicly endorse Christie is a boon for his campaign. He has struggled to compete in a crowded field that includes attention-grabbing front-runner Donald Trump. 
 
"Whatever he needs, we're going to be behind him," said real estate developer Gary Kirke, who said the group wanted to stick together. 
 
His backers think his chances are improving after strong debate performances and with two governors — Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Texas Gov. Rick Perry —now out of the race. Now Rastetter said he hopes the endorsements will send a message to Iowa Republicans, that they should "give him another look." 
 
Christie held a town hall meeting with Rastetter Monday night, telling the crowd gathered in a cavernous barn that "you'll always know how hard I'm willing to fight for you." He declined to talk about the endorsements in advance of the Tuesday press conference. 
 
The trip this week marks his ninth to the leadoff caucus state this year. Christie, who has focused more heavily on New Hampshire, has spent less time here than many other contenders, though he put in a marathon day at the Iowa State Fair in August and has a well-regarded team, with respected operatives Phil Valenziano and Jeffrey Boeyink. 
 
Campaign aides said Christie will be ramping up his visits to the state in the fall. Mikel Derby, who works for the state's transportation department and who was part of the Christie recruitment effort in 2011, said there is still time for Christie to do well. 
 
"History is littered with the Bachmanns and Walkers who are superstars real early. There's no purpose in peaking in August and September," said Derby, who has been with Christie all along. 
 
Still, while these endorsements matter, most agree Christie will still have to invest more time in Iowa. Republican State Rep. Chip Baltimore, who has not endorsed a candidate, said there was no substitute for retail politicking. 
 
"If he is not here, he will not do well," Baltimore said. "Gov. Christie, when he talks to people and meets people, is very persuasive. People walk away from that generally feeling positive toward him."

One person was seriously burnedHeavy fire was reported in mobile homeCause of fire is under investigation … Click to Continue…  
One person was seriously burned 

Heavy fire was reported in mobile home 

Cause of fire is under investigation 

Two people were injured _ one seriously burned _ Sunday morning in a mobile home fire in far north Fort Worth near the Keller city limit, a fire official said. 

The burned victim was taken by helicopter ambulance to an area hospital, said Battalion Chief Richard Harrison on Sunday morning. 

The other person who suffered burn and smoke inhalation was taken by ambulance to a Fort Worth hospital. 

The names of the injured people were not released. 

Firefighters responded to the fire call shortly after 8:30 a.m. Sunday in the 11

Subscribe to our mailing list Other Share Options Appreciation to Nikki Parrish, event planner for the Muir Ranch farm-to-table suppers, for informing us of the upcoming 9th Annual Gathering of Community Gardens to be held on October 3. The all-day event features 12 workshops in both English and Spanish, as well as exhibits, live demos, giveaways, networking, and “a zero waste lunch.” Topics to be explored… Gardening with preschoolers Tree care management using reclaimed water How to transform a dying lawn into a thriving, organic garden Vertical gardening Benefits of composting Starting a community garden Keeping chickens in the City Garden finance Building leadership Sustainable urban farming using aquaponics & hydroponics How to preserve food you grow with canning   Above, Pasadena Community Garden (and photo, top right)   Complimentary childcare activities provided by Tickleberry Place and healthy snacks for kids provided by Gogo SqueeZ. Check-in begins at 8:30 a.m. Come early and enjoy a Continental breakfast thanks to Whole Foods Arroyo Parkway. A “zero waste lunch” will be served by Urban Green Cuisine (which hosts a booth at the South Pasadena Farmers Market every Thursday, 4-8 p.m.). Attendance costs only $15. Another $5 helps pay for onsite childcare activities. Ten dollars more sponsors lunch for a guest while $20 sponsors 2 guests. A $50 donation “helps LACGC provide ongoing support for community gardens all around L. A. County.” Choose a ticket type here.   “Growing your own food changes everything.” (photo source: L. A. Comm. Garden Council/Facebook)   Produce from the Altadena Community Garden   L. A. Garden Council’s 9th Annual Gathering of Community Gardens
Saturday, October 3rd, 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m.
Villa Parke Comm. Center
363 E. Villa St., Pasadena 91101
Cost: $15-$50, purchase tickets here
For complete details, visit LAGardenCouncil.org   Harvesting peanuts at the South Pasadena Community Garden   El Sereno Community Garden   This event is presented by Los Angeles Community Garden Council and Little Green Fingers with generous support from First 4 L. A. Community Gardens nearby—LAGardenCouncil.org/find-a-garden—with site manager contact information… Winston Smoyer Memorial Comm. Garden, 1006 Clay Ct/901 E. Mission Rd., Alhambra 91801 El Sereno Comm. Garden, 5466 Huntington Dr. South, L. A. 90032 Milagro Allegro Comm. Garden, 115 N. Ave. 56, L. A. 90042 South Pasadena Comm. Garden, 1028 Magnolia St. 91030 Eagle Rockdale Comm. Garden, 1003 Rockdale Ave., L. A. 90041 Pasadena Comm. Gardens, 721 S. Pasadena Ave. 91105 Oakdale Comm. Garden, N. Oakland Ave. & E. Maple St., Pasadena 91101 Altadena Comm. Garden, 3330 N. Lincoln Ave., Altadena 91001 Geneva Gardens, 626 Geneva St., Glendale 91206 Palmer Park Comm. Garden, 610 E. Palmer Ave., Glendale 91205 Monterey Road Eco-Comm. Garden – East, 870 Monterey Rd., Glendale 91206 Monterey Road Eco-Comm. Garden -West, 827 Monterey Rd., Glendale 91206 Verdugo Park Comm. Garden, 1621 Canada Boulevard, Glendale 91208   Photo courtesy of L. A. Community Garden Council   Photo: El Sereno Community Garden   Photo courtesy of L. A. Community Garden Council     Other Share Options

PSG College of Arts and Science:  Biz trac’15, Business quiz, GRD Auditorium, 9 a.m. 

Yagoda Satsanga Dhyana Kendra:  Talk on ‘Teachings of Paramahansa Yogananda,’ Uppilipalayam, 9 a.m. 

Pavendhar Bharathidasan Elakiya Peravai:  88th birth anniversary day, Eki Kadalosai Visvanadhan Auditorium, in front of Podanur Railway Station. 

Kasthurba Gandhi Memorial Sidha Hospital and Research Institute:  Free Sidha medical camp, Varadarajapuram,10 a.m. 

Vikram ENT Hospital and Research Institute:  Talk on ‘Gita in every day life,’ Venkatasamy Road West, R.S. Puram, 10 a.m. 

OnlySuccess Learning Technologies and The Hindu in School:  Be a champ training programme, Hotel City Tower, Ramnagar, 10 a.m. 

Vijaya Vasagar Vattam:  Colloquium, Sidhapudur Government High School, 10 a.m. 

Dr. N.G.P Arts and Science College:  Parent Teacher Association meeting, 10 a.m. 

Nehru College of Management:  18th Graduation Day ceremony, 11 a.m. 

Alcoholic Anonymous:  Meeting, Krishna Nursing Home, Ram Nagar,. 3 p.m. 

Raj Vidya Kender Coimbatore Centre:  Discourse on Inner Peace, Ardra Hall, Huzur Road, 6 p.

The ISIS Conspiracy: Origins (Part 1)


Published on Aug 31, 2015

In the first part of a series, Brandon Martinez of Non-Aligned Media unravels the murky origins of ISIS and unveils how the group's meteoric rise in Iraq and Syria is a continuation of US psychological warfare designed to facilitate the Zionist-Neocon agenda of toppling seven sovereign Middle Eastern and North African States.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=10&v=d-LbGW-8vig
The ISIS Conspiracy: US-Israeli-Saudi Intrigue (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5KgTjxydVY
Published on Sep 6, 2015

In part 2 of the "ISIS Conspiracy" series, Brandon Martinez of Non-Aligned Media unravels the intricate web of deceit and double-dealing that lies behind the manufactured ISIS phenomenon, and shows how the US and Israel have for decades plotted behind the scenes to implode the Middle East.

Halfpricesoft.com developers have enhanced features in ezPaycheck 2015 payroll software with the ability to print tax forms w2, W3, 940, 941 and even 941V.   This software application serves companies with as few as 1 employee or as many as 500.  There is no cost to add employees, which means this innovative paycheck software will grow with your company. 

"Halfpricesoft.com offers a payroll software that stands alone or integrates with other applications," said Dr. Ge, the founder of halfpricesoft.com. 
   
ezPaycheck is compatible with Windows 98, 2000 XP, 2003, Vista, 7, 8, 8.1, 10 and .Net Framework v2.0 or later. 

EzPaycheck software is designed to automate paycheck processes to reduce the time spent on running payroll. The software's graphical interface guides users to setup employee information, importing data, calculating payroll - including calculation of federal, state and local taxes; deductions for Medicare, insurance and 401(k) plans; and printing paychecks. New users can download and try this software for free with no obligation and no cost at http://www.halfpricesoft.com/payroll_software_download.asp . 

EzPaycheck payroll software includes the latest tax tables and tax forms. This paycheck software also supports flexible tax options to satisfy the special businesses, nonprofits  and churches. 

Small businesses appreciate the unique features in the latest release of ezPaycheck payroll software: 

401K and year to date tracking Miscellaneous and payroll check printing options Supports unlimited  accounts at no additional charge Supports network access for 2-10 users Supports daily, weekly, biweekly, semimonthly and monthly payroll periods. Features report functions, print functions, and pay stub functions Supports special wage garnishments Prints payroll checks on blank computer checks or preprinted checks Automatically calculates federal withholding tax, social security, medicare tax and employer unemployment taxes Includes built-in tax tables for all 50 states and the District of Columbia Creates and maintains payrolls for multiple companies, and does it simultaneously Prints Tax Forms 940, 941, W-2 and W-3 
Priced at $89 per calendar year, ezPaycheck payroll software is affordable for any size business. Customers seeking a way to simplify payroll processing with more accuracy to start the no obligation 30-day test drive today at: http://www.halfpricesoft.com/index.asp 

About Halfpricesoft.com 
Founded in 2003, Halfpricesoft.com has established itself as a leader in meeting and exceeding the software requirements of small businesses around the world. Offering  payroll software, employee attendance tracking software, check writing/printing software, W2 software, 1099 software and ezACH deposit software. It continues to grow in the philosophy that small business owners deserve affordable, user friendly, and totally risk-free software. 

Read the full story at http://www.prweb.com/releases/Payroll-Software/Paycheck-Software/prweb12965871.htm 
PRWeb.com

FRANKFURT: Heads are certain to roll at Volkswagen once it becomes clear who at the German carmaker was responsible for the falsification of emissions tests of diesel-powered vehicles in the United States, a German politician and VW supervisory board member said on Tuesday. 

"I am sure that there will be personnel consequences in the end, there is no question about it," the German state of Lower Saxony's Economy Minister Olaf Lies told German radio station Deutschlandfunk in an interview. 

But he said a thorough investigation would first have to identify the person or people who were involved in the issue. 

The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) said on Friday that Volkswagen used software that deceived regulators measuring toxic emissions and could face penalties of up to $18 billion. The news had sent the company's stock down by nearly 20 percent on Monday.

Officers responding to a wreck on U.S. 81/287 underneath Pioneer Bridge around 6:15 a.m. Monday morning found a deceased elderly female passenger in the vehicle. 
 
Precinct 2 Justice of the Peace Craig Johnson pronounced Shirley Grisamer, 77, dead on scene. Johnson said the appearance of the body and witness accounts led investigators to conclude she had died prior to the accident. First responders performed CPR on Grisamer in an attempt to revive her. 
 
WOMAN FOUND DEAD – After responding to a wreck on US 81/287, officers discovered that passenger Shirley Grisamer, 77, had died prior to the wreck. Messenger Photo by Joe Duty 
 
Rhome police interviewed the driver, David Hubbard, 60, who was Grisamer’s son. He told police he’d picked his mother up from her home in New Mexico and was taking her to live with him in Fort Worth at the time of the accident. Police Chief Brandon Davis said Hubbard had been driving all night and had last talked to his mother when they were in the Amarillo area. 
 
“As he was traveling through the night, our assumption is she passed, and he didn’t know it,” Davis said. 
 
Grisamer’s body was sent to the Dallas County Medical Examiner’s office for an autopsy. 
 
Davis said no foul play is suspected at this time, and Hubbard was released after questioning. 
 
Hubbard and the other female passenger, Sherri Bass, 59, in the Chevy station wagon were uninjured in the accident. Rhome Officer Bryan Pickler said Hubbard, traveling southbound on U.S. 81/287 and hauling a U-Haul trailer, reported being tapped from behind and pushed off the highway north of Rhome. Pickler said there were no tire marks to indicate this, and it was possible the driver fell asleep and drifted off the roadway. The U-Haul clipped a guardrail and detached from the station wagon, overturning in the wreck. 
 
Rhome police and fire departments, EMS and the Department of Public Safety responded to the accident.

Top Nigerian powerhouse singer, Waje turns 35 today and has taken to social media to post not one, not two, but three beautiful birthday messages along with the first gift she has received today.  The singer posted the very first message saying:  God loves me Adores me Watches over me You are for me Grace loves me and it’s not what I deserve  And nothing that I’ve earned But daily grace saves me. OOOooo But for your grace I’d be lost, but for your grace But daily grace saves me. Happy birthday to me Follow the jump to see Waje's first gift today as well as her other birthday messages, and just for jara, Omawumi's message to her today.
The second message reads:
Today I have a new name! Feel free to call me victory because I have come out victorious at every stage of my life. I am a testimony of Gods goodness! Words fail me right now....... All I can say is thank you for the gift of life, love , family. New goals, new fire, new battles but to WIN cos my name is victory, a woman after Gods heart. If it hath not been for the lord on my side. Thanks for your birthday shoutouts And the final message reads:
Kisses to my birthday mates all over the world, God bless u this new year. May you light shine as you stand like the palm tree ever green and bear fruits in and out of season.  Best friend and fellow Nigerian singer, Omawumi, took out time to wish her friend a happy birthday and wrote:
As iron sharpens iron, So a man sharpens the countenance of his friend. Proverbs 27:17  You sharpen my countenance with truth, laughter and love and vice versa.  As your name means laughter, you will laugh with joy and peace for all eternity. May you continue to flourish in wealth and peace of mind. Happy Birthday Friend and Sister. My Family and I celebrate you. Waje's first gift today:
Happy Birthday Waje!  

International airfreight specialists from China, Japan, Germany, Ukraine, USA, Azerbaijan, France, Taiwan, UAE, Italy and Spain met the Russian freight forwarding companies, as well as the representatives of the biggest airlines and terminals in Saint Petersburg. 
Moscow, Russia,  September 17, 2015 --( PR.com )-- The conference business program consisted of two parts: plenary session and business negotiations between the leaders of logistics from different countries all over the world. The representatives from “Aeroflot”, “AirBridgeCargo”, “Air Charter Service”, “Global GSA Group” made their presentations. 
The heads and top-managers from Moscow, Saint Petersburg, as well as from the Russian regions: Samara, Nizhny Novgorod, Yekaterinburg, Rostov-on-Don, Kazan and other took part in the discussion. The conference was also attended by the heads of logistics companies from Azerbaijan and Ukraine. 

Among international guests there were the following companies: ARAMEX (UAE), Quick Cargo Service (Germany), Hankyu Hanshin (Japan), Fans Trans (Hong Kong), ASE AIR SEA (Taiwan), MIG Express (USA), Sparber (Spain), World Cargo (Italy), Clasquin (France), Marmedsa (Spain, Portugal). They knew more about peculiarities of the Russian logistics procedures and got detailed information about the biggest international airports, terminals, airlines and logistics hubs in Russia and the CIS countries. 

Among the speakers of plenary session were: Oleg Dunaev (the Chairman of the logistics committee of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Russia), Lev Bondarev (the Head of FF Cargo Services company, representative office of Global GSA Group), Andrey Danilov (the Head of Cargo and Mail Department for Aeroflot in Saint Petersburg), Vasily Borychev (the Senior import sales manager for the biggest Russian freight airline AirBridgeCargo), Dmitry Nikulin (the Head of airfreight charter for Air Charter Service, the winner of the Air Cargo Week Award). 

The second part of the business program was devoted to face-to-face meetings between the participants and discussion of practical cooperation in business, financing and operational procedures. According to Miroslav Zolotarev, the Head of ACEX Alliance, face-to-face meetings help the participants to cooperate and solve vital business issues, as well as increase their cargo traffic and improve their services. 

Andrey Vasilenko, Freelines company, Moscow, Russia: "Now we hope to get cargo from our Chinese partners and after the conference we have planned negotiation in China. In addition we are waiting for confirmation from Volga-Dnepr about joint organization of airfreight in Germany. The conference participants discussed serious questions about airfreight, state support, investments in regional business, infrastructure, and aircraft fleet. These are all tasks of state level, which promotes the alliance. We are planning to participate in the next events of ACEX Alliance." 

Lev Bondarev, FF Cargo Services (Global GSA Group), Moscow, Russia: "We think that the conference was organized on a higher level. And Saint Petersburg also favoured this. Some projects, which were discussed with ACEX participants, can be prospective for business development between Global GSA Group and ACEX. Business models in our industry are notably changing for all chain participants – airlines, GSA and freight forwarding companies. I welcome all ideas which can bring mutually beneficial results. New business contacts are always useful for broadening of outlook and can promote new ideas or projects in future." 

Besides business program, the participants took part in the informal events of the conference: they went on a sightseeing tour to Peterhof on a high-speed boat, saw cascades of famous fountains. In addition the conference participants were invited for an evening dinner at a luxurious restaurant on a boat which floated along the Neva under the drawbridges of night Saint Petersburg. 

The conference organizers invited the participants to take part in the next Alliance events: The 3d international conference of ACEX Alliance in April 2016. 

Be sure to find the latest news at our website: http://www.acexgroup.net/en/news/The-2-ACEX-CONFERENCE/ 

ACEX Alliance Press Center 
E-mail: acex@acex.net 
Website: http://www.acexgroup.net

The Social Networks for the Network Multilevel Social Networks take action today, forget the concern, I reveal my secrets only to achieve 400 prospects in less than 45 days Juan Lopez greetings my friends of Juan Manuel Lopez (Juan Lopez) as many of you already know, I have developed some habits to achieve a productivity which in 3 hours I produce material that almost any person it would take you a week to a month. One of these habits is that while bath me, I fix, I seen, always listen to a CD which is aligning my mind and my beliefs for when I arrive at my Office is able to produce deep, useful and material that really serve the people, because my mission in life that I defined with Robert Kiyosaki is helping people achieve their financial dreams and purpose driven lifewhy, I help all the people who are in business online networks. I ask that you read completely this page, really can change your life, in addition sees the box of to the side, fill out your information and I will reveal via email my 7 Secrets only to have 400 prospects in 45 days, do incredible? Yes, right? Yes, so don’t wait any longer, receive my free 7 secrets and change your life, it’s easy. Click Ben Silbermann to learn more.  Go to the box’s side, fill out your information and ready. I ask you to keep reading. Click Jerome Anderson to learn more. Today I heard the CD of Jim Rohn which is entitled action, not concern, motivated me so much, I got so much that I allowed me to share with you some of the main ideas and what they’ve adapted to my story, my life.  We will review his point of view about the concern, how to recognize it and define it, and what to do about it. I am sure that these ideas will give you a good opportunity to gain confidence and overcome you to concern. .

As a student there’s something within Joey Fox that makes him want to succeed. That mentality was built into him by his mother, Rebecca.

“I just have a natural ability to go out and do my best. My mom has always taught me that, to always do my best in everything I do. To give 100 percent. You can’t ask for anything more, and you can’t be disappointed with yourself,” the Evergreen High School senior said.

FOX LAKE, Ill. — Authorities broadened the hunt Wednesday for three suspects wanted in the fatal shooting of a popular Illinois police officer, even as they acknowledged that they had no indication the men were still in the area where the slaying happened. 
 
After an intensive 14-hour “grid search” of homes, railroad tracks and marshland in the village of Fox Lake, the second-day manhunt turned to the painstaking detective work of chasing down tips, collecting and reviewing surveillance video and interviewing residents near the crime scene. Meanwhile, new search teams rippled out into subdivisions beyond the initial 2-square-mile perimeter established on Tuesday. At least 100 investigators were on the ground. 
 
A major challenge was the lack of a description of the suspects beyond the vague one that came from the officer, who told dispatchers he was pursuing three suspicious men — two white, one black — moments before he was shot. 
 
“That was the only description provided,” said Lake County Major Crimes Task Force Cmdr. George Filenko, the lead investigator on the case. “So of course we’re getting the public calling in every time they see that match of three individuals or even two individuals. We’ve closed out those leads completely as being unsubstantiated.” 
 
Lt. Charles Joseph Gliniewicz, a 30-year police veteran, was shot Tuesday morning while pursuing the men he spotted on his way to work, Filenko said. Gliniewicz told dispatchers the three ran into a swampy area, and he requested a second unit. 
 
Dispatchers soon lost contact with him. Backup officers found him about 50 yards from his squad car with a gunshot wound. He died soon after. 
 
Filenko said there was no indication he was intentionally targeted, though authorities did not rule out that possibility. 
 
The initial, frenzied search for his killers involved law enforcement agencies from across the state. Some wore tactical gear and toted high-powered rifles. Officers took up positions on rooftops and along railroad tracks and scanned the terrain through rifle scopes and binoculars. Others leaned out of helicopters with weapons at the ready. 
 
On Tuesday night, they declared the initial search zone clear, allowing investigators to begin poring over the crime scene and surrounding area. 
 
Still, they knocked on doors with caution. 
 
“I believe that the search teams did a thorough job, but I know there have been a number of national incidents where suspects have cleverly escaped or hidden in place,” Filenko said. “So anything’s possible.” 
 
Investigators were reviewing video recordings, but so far none has captured images of the suspects, Filenko said. 
 
Despite the challenges, he told reporters that he felt the teams were making progress. 
 
“As always, we’re relying on the public, too,” he said. “All it takes is one tip or good lead to break a case wide open.” 
 
Residents of the usually sleepy community were urged to stay vigilant. Schools that went on lockdown the day of the shooting were closed a day later. 
 
An emotional Mayor Donny Schmit described the slain officer as a personal friend and a father of four sons. 
 
“We lost a family member,” Schmit said of the 52-year-old officer known around town as “G.I. Joe.” ”His commitment to the people of this community has been unmatched and will be dearly missed.” 
 
Workers adorned the village hall with black and purple bunting in a display of mourning. Several evening vigils were planned. 
 
Eleven-year-old Takoa Thomas, a sixth grader, stood on the side of a road with a handmade sign that read “Cops’ lives matter. RIP GI Joe.” 
 
“I wanted to be out here to show support,” the boy said. 
 
His mother, Tara England, 41, said the boy’s school was closed, and she had mixed feelings about their safety. 
 
“One of the reasons I’m out here is I don’t want to be home alone,” she said. “My husband’s at work.” 
 
“But if it were me, I’d be long gone,” she said of the suspects. 
 
The area near the Wisconsin border area is popular for boating and other outdoor pursuits because of its forest preserves and a chain of lakes that partly encircles Fox Lake. 
 
Gliniewicz’s death is the third law enforcement fatality in Illinois this year, according to the Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, which tracks officers’ deaths so their names can be enshrined on a Washington, D.C., memorial. 
 
It says police shooting deaths in the U.S. are down 13 percent this year compared with the same January-to-September period last year. There were 30 last year and 26 this year. 
 
Attorney General Loretta Lynch condemned the recent fatal shootings, telling a housing conference in Washington that violence against “all of us, regardless of what uniform any of us wear” must end. 
 
Lynch said it’s a “sad fact now” that no one is safe, citing shootings of churchgoers at a Bible study in Charleston, South Carolina, moviegoers in Louisiana, military personnel in Tennessee and two television journalists killed on the air last week in Virginia. 
  In Other News

When new federal regulations kick in this year to reduce power plant emissions, a statewide energy crisis could loom.The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is calling for a 32 percent reduction by 2030. In order to get there, several coal plants across Michigan will begin to close this year.In all, nine plants are expected to close over the next two years, with nothing currently planned to replace the energy they produce.Two units at the Trenton Channel Power Plant are among those that will close, along with two more south of the Downriver area at the J.R. Whiting plant near Luna Pier.DTE spokeswoman Randi Berris told The News-Herald Newspapers last year that the decision to close the units was a direct result of the new EPA regulations.“The decision was made because of new federal emissions' regulations taking effect in the next few years, and because of DTE’s focus on reducing customers' rates and maintaining competitive electric rates in the future," Berris said.The Wyandotte Municipal Power Plant uses a combination of ways to generate power, coal burning among them. The plant wasn’t on a shutdown list provided by the state of Michigan.No one from the plant was available to talk by press time for this report.Seven of the plants are owned by Consumers Energy and generate more than 950 megawatts of electricity. Overall, more than 1.3 daily gigawatts of power will need to be replaced after the plants all close.That amount would be enough to run Detroit, Grand Rapids and Lansing each day.Consumers Energy officials said they're doing their best to stretch resources to provide electricity to the state’s residents. Those efforts include reopening a Dearborn power plant and the $155 million purchase of the Juniper power plant in Jackson."You can't store electricity, so it's important to try and have a surplus of it," John Russell, president and CEO of Jackson-based Consumers Energy, said in a statement. "When customers hit the switch, they're either going to have it or they're not."Both political parties in the state have ideas on how to change regulations to help figure out the looming crisis.The GOP plan recently was released by Sen. Mike Nofs (R-Battle Creek), who chairs the state Senate Energy and Technology Committee.“This legislation represents hundreds of hours’ worth of research, discussion and input from numerous individuals, groups and organizations, including the governor, committee members and the 37-member workgroup I appointed last year,” Nofs said. “These bills represent a starting point for a thorough committee process that will ultimately help us craft the best policy to respond to a rapidly changing landscape for energy.”The Democrats' side is spearheaded by state Rep. Bill Lavoy (D-Monroe) and state Sen. Hoon-Young Hopgood (D-Taylor).“Through 2014, renewable energy projects have brought nearly $3 billion in investment to Michigan, and utilities are on track to meet the 10 percent goal required in current law,” LaVoy said. “As long as renewable energy remains economically viable, the percentage of power generation should increase. Additionally, increasing Michigan-based generation keeps jobs and investment in Michigan.”State Sen. David Knezek (D-Dearborn Heights) and state Rep. Julie Plawecki (D-Dearborn Heights) also are working on the Democratic side of the aisle.The two plans are quite different.Nofs' plan calls for revamping the current integrated resource planning process to change the way utility companies are evaluated. The Republican plan hasn’t been well publicized since it officially was unveiled July 1.The Democratic plan has been on display and talked about since early March. It calls for an increase in support for clean energy-type businesses, with more focus on wind and solar energy companies.“We want to encourage companies to spend here in Michigan,” Knezek said. “Right now, there isn’t anything that restricts out- of-state buying of power. We don’t want that to remain unregulated.”Plawecki echoed those thoughts. She said if Michigan encourages companies to produce energy within the state, it will increase jobs and ultimately help the local economy.Since Michigan passed a renewable energy bill in 2008, more than $5 billion a year have been pumped into the state economy. About $3 billion of that has been invested by private-sector firms.Small-business owners claim the GOP plan for energy production moving forward will put a stop to much of that growth.“The Nofs' plan slams the brakes on Michigan’s clean energy sector, which has been a huge success, supporting 20,500 jobs and $5 billion in annual economic activity,” Mark Cryderman, business development/education manager of the Green Panel, said in a statement. “Polling consistently shows overwhelming support for increasing Michigan’s use of clean energy and the Michigan Legislature should be increasing our clean energy standards, not repealing them.”The Green Panel is a Brighton-based solar company that employs 30 people.State Rep. Aric Nesbitt (R-Porter Twp.), who co-authored much of the GOP plan, is against the changes at the federal level, but said he believes its plan is the best bet for the state.“The mandate that is being forced upon Michigan and the rest of the states by the federal government is an unprecedented overreach that will hinder job growth and raise energy rates on hardworking taxpayers," Nesbitt said in a statement. “We need an energy plan for the future that ensures reliability and efficiency, while being cost-effective for Michigan families.“The energy proposal I unveiled earlier this year is structured to take an ‘all of the above’ approach that considers each of those elements, rather than a narrow, cookie-cutter approach that picks winners and losers.”Hopgood believes the Democrats' plan is the way to go, both for clean energy and economic growth in the state.“This plan is pro-business, pro-consumer and pro-environment," he said. "Michigan has the potential to be a leader in renewable energy and create thousands of jobs for hardworking men and women across the state. That’s why it’s crucial that we act this year. With these energy principles, my Democratic colleagues and I are ready to get to work.”There is overwhelming public support for increasing renewable energy and energy efficiency, according to a poll conducted by the Michigan Conservative Energy Forum in late 2013. Among the findings, the poll showed that more than 75 percent strongly support an increased renewable portfolio standard and 84 percent support more energy efficiency programs. The support extended to self-identified conservative voters.“With such strong public support from both ends of the political spectrum, it’s clear that this plan is the right way forward for Michigan’s energy sector and our economy,” LaVoy said. “I look forward to working with my Republican colleagues to put these guidelines into action and create jobs while saving residents' money.”According to a report from The Hill Group, a renewable portfolio standard increase would generate as much as $6 billion in economic activity and create tens of thousands of jobs. The Michigan Public Service Commission noted that in 2012 every dollar utilities spent on energy efficiency saved consumers an estimated $3.83 in reduced energy costs.

Here are five things worth knowing today: 
 
1. New York City and Pensacola, FL, will test overnight truck deliveries in a new U.S. Department of Transportation pilot program to help reduce congestion on city streets. DOT believes that lighter commuter traffic and more available parking overnight will make delivery easier for truck drivers. DOT plans to use grants totaling $200,000 to test its theories in the two pilot cities. If the pilot is successful, DOT said it believes a similar approach could be adopted in other areas of the country. 
 
2. Paul Trombino III, Iowa DOT director, has been elected president of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO), the association announced. AASHTO also elected David Bernhardt, commission of Maine’s DOT, as its vice president. According to AASHTO, Trombino plans to continue pursuing the association’s policy priorities, including Congressional action on a new transportation bill. Trombino said his primary focus will be ensuring the association is well positioned to serve its member departments. 
 
3. USA Truck has appointed Martin Tewari as its president of trucking , Market Watch reports. Tewari will be responsible for the company’s trucking operations, pricing and sales. He will report to the company’s president and CEO Tom Glaser. According to the report, Tewari has more than 25 years of experience in the transportation industry and he joins USA Truck from Con-way Truckload, where he served as vice president of operations. 
 
4. According to a report in the American Journal of Transportation, Absolute Worldwide Logistics announced that it has acquired online trucking portal Shipmymachinery.com. The report states that the online portal provides transportation lead generation services relating to capital equipment and machinery to the transportation industry throughout North America. 
 
5. A group of rest stops in Indiana will be demolished and closed under The Indiana Toll Road’s new plan for its 10 rest stops , according to NWI Times. According to the report, under a $30 million plan to upgrade rest stops, the easternmost stops in Steuben County will be eliminated and those in Rolling Prairie and Howe will be demolished and rebuilt into full-service travel plazas with gas stations, convenience stores and restaurants. The Times has more.

Here at Save City Tatts we've taken a close interest in the whole "live baiting" issue since the story broke in February.

What struck us from the start was that everything the ABC discovered about the state regulator for the greyhound industry exactly matched what City Tatts members discovered in their dealings with the state regulator for registered clubs (Office of Liquor, Gaming & Racing).

This is not really surprising, since it is the same government department (Dept of Gaming & Racing) and the same minister (Troy Grant).

New revelations from the ABC about live baiting help to explain how the destruction of City Tattersalls Club could go on this long.

Here is a quick summary of the similarities between live baiting and the destruction of City Tatts:

Greyhound Racing knew all along about live baiting, as internal emails now prove.

OLGR have known for years that Tony Guilfoyle was running City Tatts into the ground (with Patrick Campion turning a blind eye). They were specifically told that the plan was to run the club so badly that Guilfoyle would claim that a property development was the only option.

Greyhound Racing NSW repeatedly failed to do anything about live baiting.

OLGR repeatedly failed to do anything about the looting of City Tatts.

Greyhound Racing NSW tipped off trainers that they were going to be raided.

OLGR tipped off Tony Guilfoyle about any complaints from members and assured him that nothing would be done about them.

Greyhound Racing NSW said they were "shocked" that live baiting was going on.

If the ABC ever do a story on corruption at City Tatts, or in the club industry, we fully expect OLGR to be "shocked" that there was any.

Meanwhile, the airhead development stumbles along under the supervision of those two hopeless clowns, Tweedledum and Tweedledee.

Save City Tatts Committee.

NewsroomNewsroomFilter WeekFilter GameRSSGeneral : Nexon Partners with QC Games for Unannounced TitlePosted Sep 02, 2015 by Suzie FordDallas Dickinson of Star Wars: Galaxies, SWTOR and Planetside fame has formed a new company called QC Games that has entered into a new partnership agreement with Nexon-America to produce an "unannounced multiplayer online action game". While it remains unclear as to a more specific genre of game this project will be, the news is exciting to see Dickinson and several other developers of note, several of whom are ex-Bioware developers, working on a new project.He’s begun assembling an all-star team at QC Games, which includes: Gabe Amatangelo, creative director and chief creative officer (most recently the creative director of Shadow Realms, prior work includes Star Wars: The Old Republic, Dark Age of Camelot, Warhammer Online, Dragon Age: Inquisition) Brian Matt, technical director and chief technology officer (Wolfenstein: Tides of War, Doom 3, Star Wars: The Old Republic, Shadow Realms) Jason Rotan, chief operating officer (previously launched and maintained a wide range of AAA titles in multiple genres with companies including NC Soft, EA and Bioware) Pat Ditterline, senior engineer (Dark Age of Camelot, Warhammer Online, Star Wars: The Old Republic) Stefan Lednicky, senior engineer (a long-time Bioware veteran who has worked on titles including Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Shadow Realms and Star Wars: The Old Republic) Marcus Hays, senior engineer (Titan Quest franchise, The Sims, Dragon Age) Pedro Toledo, art director (Star Wars: The Old Republic, Shadow Realms, Dragon Age, RockBand, Fable 2) You can read the full press release on the QC Games site.Permalink | CommentsSuzie Ford / Suzie is the Associate Editor and News Manager at MMORPG.com. Follow her on Twitter @MMORPGMom Subscribe to our mailingsSignup today to start recieving our Daily Digest and/or Weekly NewsletterDaily Digest 
Weekly Newsletter See previous mailings of our Weekly NewsletterOur RSS 2.0 News FeedSpecial OfferMMOs and Games to Play, Download or Pre-Order Now! World of Tanks Magerealm Devilian League of Angels Rift ArcheAge Trove Nords: Heroes of the North OnePiece Online Skyforge Stormfall: Age of War WildStar TERA Echo of Soul Dungeons & Dragons Online More Games... Reviews: Chrono Wars Review : 3.0Etrian Odyssey 2 Untold: The Fafnir Knight Review : 7.8Skyforge Review : 7.0PlanetSide 2 Review : 7.5Lost Dimension Review : 8.2Popular Features: Guild Wars 2
Colin and MO Talk Heart of Thorns, Raids, and Free to PlayWizard101
Seven Years of The Spiral - Happy Birthday Wizard101! Atlas Reactor
Atlas Reactor - Trion's New Tactical ExperimentGloria Victis
A Living, Open WorldThe List
Five Pointed Questions About World of Warcraft More FeaturesNewest MMORPGs:SiegefallMagic DuelsDungeon Hunter 5Flamefrost LegacySaga of Lucimia

Bells tolled and thousands bowed their heads in prayer in Hiroshima on Thursday at ceremonies marking the 70th anniversary of the world’s first atomic bombing while survivors warned about Japan’s moves away from its pacifist constitution.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his government are pushing security bills through parliament that could send Japanese troops into conflict for the first time since World War Two, sparking massive protests around the country.Many with memories of the war and its aftermath are scathing about Abe’s steps away from Japan’s pacifist constitution in pursuit of a more robust security stance, and survivors of the bombing lambasted Abe at a meeting after the commemoration ceremony.
Click here for more…

Barbara Carroll 
Hohenwald, TN 

Age 77, September 26, 2015. Visit Monday 4:30 p.. Service Tuesday 11 a.m. mcdonaldfuneralhomes.org 931-796-2207. 
     
 McDonald Funeral Home 
20 West Second St 
Hohenwald , TN   38462 
931-796-2207  
   

                        
                        Published in Tennessean on Sept. 

Receive Latest Nigerian News Headline Update in Your Mail. ENTER YOUR EMAIL BELOW AND CLICK "subscribe": 

IMPORTANT: After submitting your email, go to your inbox or spam, check for an email from Feedburner Email Subscriptions and activate your subscription 

Related Posts 

More Post 

September 30, 2015 

September 30, 2015 

September 30, 2015 

Leave a Reply Cancel reply 

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 

Name * 

Email * 

Website 

Comment 

Current ye@r * 

Leave this field empty 

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 

Notify me of new posts by email. 

Receive Latest Jobs, Entertainment, Sports, Politics, Fashion and More. Enter Your Email Below 


Random Posts 

Russia sees more foreign tourists despite Ukraine crisis: official 3 months ago 

Pay attention to indigenous products — Uwaje 4 months ago 

Dogara Mourns Death Of Famous Musician 3 months ago 

Dear Mr President, 30 days is no joke 3 months ago 

Tottenham sign S’Korean striker Son Heung-min 1 month ago 

Wiko launches Ridge 4G in Nigeria 3 months ago 

Nigeria’s new economic structure – Implications for sector viability 1 month ago 

Nigerian Air Force/army successfully repels attack on Borno village 2 months ago 

Gmail Adds An Official “Undo Send” Tool To Stop Emails Getting To The Wrong People 3 months ago 

Checkout Some Of The Biggest Nigerian Farms Owned By Top Politicians – PHOTOS! 3 months ago 

INEC set to issue certificates of return to elected Lagos State lawmakers 5 months ago

Oppo eyes India opportunity to partner with Foxconn  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
Chinese handset-maker Oppo on Wednesday said it was in talks with electronics assembly manufacturer Foxconn to start an assembly line for its smartphones in the Sri City plant special economic zone  ... 
   Loss of Rs.25000 crore says corporate body as strike hits India  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
A nationwide strike called by trade unions hit India hard as millions of industrial and blue collar workers struck work, affecting all vital sectors of the economy in varying degrees. A business  ... 
   Mumbai records highest rise in hotel spends Report  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
Mumbai recorded the highest rise in hotel spends nationally during January-May period as compared to the like period last year, a market research report said on Wednesday. According to the Hotel  ... 
   eBay India partners with Best Deal TV  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
eBay India, an online marketplace, on Wednesday announced a partnership with Best Deal TV, taking the home shopping channel's fashion and lifestyle products to the US, Australia and Britain. ebay  ... 
   High time for APEC to include India as member Kevin Rudd  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
India with its $2 trillion economy, its large workforce coupled with the government's 'Act East' policy and 'Make in India' initiative deserves to be at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)  ... 
   Curfew relaxed internet suspended in Manipur  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
Curfew was relaxed on Wednesday in riot-hit southern part of Manipur's Churachandpur district to enable residents to buy essential commodities. Authorities had also suspended internet services from  ... 
   Normal life hit across India as millions join industrial strike  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
Normal life was hit in many states on Wednesday as millions of industrial and blue collar employees struck work in the first nationwide protest since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took power more  ... 
   BJP RSS leaders meet in Delhi  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
A three-day coordination meeting of BJP and RSS leaders began here on Wednesday. BJP president Amit Shah, Home Minister Rajnath Singh, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Finance Minister Arun  ... 
   Sporadic violence during shutdown in Bengal  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
The shutdown called by the trade unions against the central government's economic measures on Wednesday evoked partial response in West Bengal amid reports of sporadic violence. While educational  ... 
   Strike hits normal life in Punjab Haryana  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
State-run buses services were affected in Punjab,  Haryana and Chandigarh following the all-India strike call given by various  trade organizations on Wednesday. People faced problems as Haryana  ... 
   Maharashtra joins 300 million workers in all India strike  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
Maharashtra joined a staggering 300 million workers in the government and private sector, the financial sector, banks and financial institutions, and the farming community across the country for a  ... 
   India Inc calls for RBI rate cut after GDP factory output data  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 1st September, 2015 
 
The first quarter GDP data on Monday showing the growth rate slipping to 7 percent has provoked calls from India Inc for an interest rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India. "While the government  ... 
   Modi Sonia congratulate Indian cricket team  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 1st September, 2015 
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday congratulated the Indian cricket team for winning the test match against Sri Lanka and consequently the  ... 
   India has 100.69 crore total telephone subscribers  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 1st September, 2015 
 
The number of telephone subscribers in India increased from 100.20 crore at the end of May 2015 to 100.69 crore at the end of June, showing a monthly growth rate of 0.49 percent, data released by  ... 
   Hulkenberg to stay at Force India till 2017  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 1st September, 2015 
 
Just days before the Formula 1 Italian Grand Prix on Sunday, Force India on Tuesday extended the contract of Nico Hulkenberg for another two years which will keep the German at the Silverstone-based  ... 
   Why India ignores a $16 bn smoking-led health crisis  
Mumbai News.Net - Tuesday 1st September, 2015 
 
In January, the government asked for public opinion on tougher new laws to curb smoking: To raise the minimum smoking age to 21 from 18, and to ban the sale of single cigarettes, which account for  ... 
   Five People Sent To Jail In Commonwealth Games Scam In New Delhi  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
NATURAL WITH HINDI AND ENGLISH SPEECH 

DURATION: 1:39 

SOURCE: ANI 

TV AND WEB RESTRICTIONS: NO ACCESS ARD 

Five people sent to jail in Commonwealth Games  ... 
   Flood Situation Remains Grim In Northeast India  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
NATURAL WITH HINDI SPEECH 

DURATION: 2:41 

SOURCE: ANI 

TV AND WEB RESTRICTIONS: NO ACCESS ARD 

Flood situation remains grim in northeast India 

... 
   Seventy-nine Children Fall Ill After Consuming Mid-day Meal In Northern India  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
NATURAL WITH HINDI SPEECH 

DURATION: 2.11 

SOURCE: ANI 

TV AND WEB RESTRICTIONS: NO ACCESS ARD 

Seventy-nine children fall ill after consuming mid-day  ... 
   Three Kids Die As Wall Collapses In Western India  
Mumbai News.Net - Wednesday 2nd September, 2015 
 
NATURAL WITH HINDI SPEECH/PART MUTE 

DURATION: 1.44 

SOURCE: ANI 

TV AND WEB RESTRICTIONS: NO ACCESS ARD 

Three kids die as wall collapses in western  ...

With almost a century of caps to his name, Sean Lamont is the old dog of Scottish rugby who believes he has learned enough tricks to keep on barking. 
 
But the Glasgow Warrior insists he will be worried if he is not chased out of the side by one of the Dark Blues' young pups. 
 
The 34-year-old made his 96th appearance for his country in Saturday's Test against Italy, scoring two tries in the 48-7 Murrayfield rout. 
 
It was one step closer to that elusive third figure that will make him just the second Scot after Chris Paterson to have collected 100 caps. 
 
But while some may view this year's World Cup in England as a perfect opportunity for Lamont to bow out on a high - especially coming just four months after lifting the first major honour of a 15-year professional career with Glasgow's Guinness PRO12 triumph - the Perth-born back insists he is not interested in exit strategies. 
 
In fact, he even wryly joked about the prospect of playing on until the next tournament in Japan in four years' time. 
 
But that is only if he is not hounded out by the young pretenders. 
 
"I will never retire," said Lamont. "I've got a contract with Glasgow for next year, but I think I'll ask to go again once it ends. 
 
"The desire is still there, the body is holding out and, provided I'm wanted, I will keep going. 
   Five classic Rugby World Cup Matches    
"So I have no plans to call it a day after this World Cup. Could I keep going until the next one in 2019? Well if I was still playing by then I'd be worried. 
 
"I'd be asking myself, 'Where the hell are all the young wingers?' 
 
"I'd be over the moon if I was still around this team by 2019, but I hope to God there is someone coming along to take my place. 
 
"We've got the likes of Damien Hoyland, Rory Hughes and Dougie Fife coming through, so there are plenty of boys about. 
 
"But I won't retire. Someone will retire me, but it won't be my decision." 
 
Lamont has been to the last two World Cups but, while the tournament is the pinnacle for many, his memories are only filled with regret. 
 
In 2007 the Scots looked set for a semi-final slot until Argentina robbed them of the chance. 
 
The Pumas then roared louder again four years later as Andy Robinson's side failed to even make it out of their group. 
 
The Scots are now gearing up for crucial clashes with Japan, America, South Africa and Samoa in Pool B, and Lamont wants his team to learn from the mistakes of the past. 
 
He said: "Both my previous World Cup experiences were a bit of a disappointment, if I'm being frankly honest. 
 
"I loved going and it was great to be part of it. But in 2007 we blew the chance to make a semi-final, which would have been incredible. 
 
"We should have beat Argentina in the quarters. We played all the rugby but didn't see out the win. That's why it was such a pain in the bum. 
 
"Then last time around we didn't even make it out the group, which was disgraceful. 
 
"The alarm bells were ringing in the first two games against Romania and Georgia when we struggled against both. We then had the Argentina game all but wrapped up and a 30-second lapse of concentration cost us the game. 
 
"That left us having to beat a tough England side by 14 points, which was a big ask at any time, never mind in a World Cup. 
 
"So I'm acutely aware of the fact that every pool game we play has got to be top notch. 
 
"We can't just focus on South Africa in the third game as the important one. We're not that good. We're good, but just look at the defeat to Tonga in Aberdeen a couple of years ago. That could happen again if we don't go in with the right attitude."

SOURCE Imperial Hotel, Ltd.

TOKYO 

(Photo: http://prw.kyodonews.jp/prwfile/release/M100617/201509243897/_prw_OI1fl_uq60IHKY.jpg)

The Imperial Tower's two top floors have been redecorated in rich, subdued hues of ivory and gray. Renamed the "Premium Tower Floors," the accommodations on these exclusive floors are now available, offering numerous improved facilities and services, such as dedicated guest attendants who provide personalized transportation arrangements, room amenities, shopping, entertainment, city and travel information and restaurant reservations. Guests on these floors are also provided with complimentary coffee, tea or soft drinks upon arrival and complimentary beer and wine nightly from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. 

On November 3 

The number of foreign visitors to Japan 

The Imperial Hotel is also enjoying substantial growth in the arrival of foreign guests. Although immediately after the Great East Japan Earthquake in 2011 the rate of foreign occupancy fell to under 30%, arrivals have since recovered and since 2014 have grown to over 40% of the total patronage. To promote expanded patronage from the Asian region, the Imperial Hotel also opened a new Singapore 

The Imperial Hotel opened its doors in the center of Tokyo 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tokyos-landmark-imperial-hotel-reaches-125th-anniversary-renovation-in-progress-to-march-31-2016-300149100.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

Lyles Station Historic School and Museum is set to kick off their corn maze and fall fun during their 2015 New Beginnings Celebration at 11 a.m. Saturday at 953 N. County Road 500 W., in Princeton. 
  
Get lost inside more than 10 acres of Indiana corn, pick a pumpkin from the pumpkin patch and paint it. Enjoy a campfire, hot apple cider, weenies, s‘mores, a hay ride and more. Barbeque dinners will be available throughout the day. 
 
The corn maze and activities will be open every weekend in October. 
 
• Fridays, 5 to 8 p.m. CDT 
 
• Saturdays, 1 to 8 p.m. CDT 
 
• Sundays, 2 to 6 p.m. CDT 
 
Oct. 24 and 31 the Corn Maze will open from 1 to 7 p.m., with a Haunted Maze from 8 to 10 p.m. Admission to corn maze is $5 for 12 and up; $4 for children ages 3 to 11; free for children ages 3 and under. An additional $1 for the Haunted Maze.  
 
Cash only, credit cards not accepted. Group package available, call for details, 812-779-7456 
 
Feel free to bring a flashlight. 
 
For more information, visit lylesstation.org .

Andre Schurrle has told The Times that Jose Mourinho never trusted him in his time at Chelsea.
The German was signed by Mourinho in 2013 from Bayer Leverkusen but he failed to make an impact under the Special one and was ultimately sold.
Now he has claimed the Portuguese manager never fully trusted him.
“I had a good time at Chelsea and was accepted in the team, so it’s difficult to explain why I left,” he said.
“I don’t know why Mourinho didn’t trust me. It all felt a bit weird to me. I started a few games, was on the bench for a few, then started some more.
“It was up and down the whole time. I didn’t get any consistency from the manager so found it hard to produce my best.”

Government has issued a directive to Municipal and Districts Assemblies (MDAs) to be circumspect in their spending as it makes adjustment to expected revenue from the export of crude oil. 
 

 
Finance Minister Seth Tekpeh 
 
The directive means that most of the country’s MDAs who rely on government for funding would have to alter their expenditure pattern or devise legitimate means of generating internal fund to supplement their operations. 
 
Issuing the directive, Finance Minister Mr. Seth Terkper cautioned local government heads not to engage in unplanned expenditures to help maintain the medium term fiscal consolidation objectives of the government. 
 
“In this regard, MDAs that are funded from the Annual Budget Funding Amount (ABFA) are to control their expenditure within the Budget allotments provided by the Ministry of Finance”, he said. 
 
Earlier this year, government reviewed expected revenue from the export of crude oil from 95 US dollars per barrel to 57 US dollars per barrel. 
 
However, the fast fall in the price of oil to US 45.70 dollars per barrel means that Ghana’s external source of income will decrease, putting pressure on the national purse. 
 
Fiscal deficit reduction 
 
Ghana’s 2015 budget aims at reducing the fiscal deficit from 10.2 percent of GDP in 2014 to 7.3 percent of GDP in 2015. 
 
There has been two adjustments of the budget deficit mainly on account of crude oil price developments. 
 
Preliminary data for the first half of the year indicate that, total revenue and grants was higher than the target for the period. 
 
At the same time, total expenditure including the clearance of arrears was lower than target. 
As a result the cash fiscal deficit for the period was 2.3 percent of GDP against a target of 3.4 percent. This compares to a deficit of 4.3 percent of GDP for the same period in 2014. 
 
The total revenue and grants for the period was 11.2 percent of GDP, against a target of 10.6 percent of GDP. 
 
In nominal terms, the outturn was 5.4 percent higher than target and 32.9 percent higher than the outturn for the same period in 2014. 
 
Ghana’s good performance in total revenue and grants was mainly due to a strong growth in domestic revenue. 
 
Tax income 
 
Tax revenue amounted to GH¢11,403.9 million, 8.4 percent higher than the Budget target of GH¢10,516.3 million. 
 
In nominal terms tax revenue was 32.1 percent higher than the outturn recorded for the same period in 2014. 
 
The strong performance in tax revenue was mainly due to the good performance of petroleum taxes, VAT and trade taxes resulting from the imposition of the Special Petroleum Tax and exchange rate depreciation as well as improved revenue administration and efficiency. 
 
GDP estimates for first half of 2015 
 
Total expenditure, including payments for the clearance of arrears for the first half of 2015 amounted to GH¢18,068.5 million (13.5 percent of GDP) against a target of GH¢18,805.7 million (equivalent to 14.0 percent of GDP). 
 
The outturn was 3.9 percent lower than the budget target but 14.1 percent higher than the outturn for the same period in 2014. 
 
The growth in expenditure was mainly due to higher spending on goods and services and foreign financed capital expenditure. 
 
The cash fiscal deficit of 2.3 percent of GDP for the period under review was financed mainly from domestic sources, resulting in a Net Domestic Financing (NDF) of the budget of GH¢1. 875.4 million (1.4 percent of GDP). 
 
The NDF for the period was 57.3 percent lower than the budget target of GH¢4,395.1 million and 48.6 percent lower than the outturn for the same period in 2014. 
 
Foreign Financing of the budget was GH¢1,218.0 million representing 39.4 percent of total financing, against a target of GH¢206.1 million. 
 
Thus domestic financing constituted about 60.6 percent of the total financing of the deficit for the first six months of the year.

The Maple Grove City Council gave its support to the city of Dayton’s application for funding for the Brockton Lane interchange during its meeting Monday, Sept. 21. 

The council also considered an outdoor patio request by OMNI Brewing Company and announced the winners of the Maple Grove Moments Photography Contest. 

BROCKTON INTERCHANGE  

The council adopted a resolution supporting the city of Dayton’s application to the 2015 Minnesota Transportation Economic Development (TED) program. 

According to city staff, the city of Dayton is finalizing the 2015 Minnesota TED program grant application for the Brockton Lane interchange. The city of Dayton has requested that Maple Grove pass a resolution supporting the need and the application. 

Staff said, “With the number of high profile transportation projects underway the city of Maple Grove is fortunate to complete some of our highest priorities. One of our remaining projects, the extension of Hwy. 610, still seeks funding and could benefit from TED funds in the future. The Brockton Lane interchange does not appear to be in competition at this time.” 

There are plans for the extension of a sanitary sewer interceptor by the Metropolitan Council Environmental Services in the northwest corner of Maple Grove. This interceptor would serve the northern portion of Corcoran and the southern parts of Rogers and Dayton. 

The Brockton Lane interchange would also provide a freeway access. 

OMNI BREWERY PATIO  

Also during the meeting, the council heard a request from OMNI Brewing Company to amend its current liquor license to include an outdoor patio area at its location at 9462 Deerwood Lane N. 

City code states that an application for a proposed enlargement, alteration or extension of any premises previously licensed shall be provided to the city at least 60 days prior to the enlargement, alternation or extension taking place. 

Steve Hayes of OMNI Brewing said, “We thought of the idea of having a patio could wait until next year. As we near our opening day, we have been overwhelmed by the response we have received from the community and realize this ‘wait until next year’ approach isn’t ideal.” 

OMNI has food trucks scheduled to be on site every Friday and Saturday through the end of October. Hayes said a patio would help with crowd control as the interior space of OMNI would be unable to handle the excepted patrons. 

The patio area would be contained by a fence. There would be signage in the patio area stating that alcohol containers are to remain in the patio area. The patio would have additional tables, seating, bathroom facilities and trash containers. 

The council approved an amendment to OMNI Brewing Company to extend their current on-sale brewer’s taproom/Sunday sale and brewer off sale intoxicating- small brewer license to include alcohol service for an outdoor patio. 

PHOTOGRAPHY CONTEST  

The council also recognized the winners in the annual Maple Grove Moments Photography Contest. 

Youth Recognition category winners each received $50. Winners included: Katelyn Belden with the photo titled “Beyond the Horizon,” Kathryn Humnick with the entry “Splashing into Summer,” Brendan Kanwischer’s submission “Summer of Hoops,” Leena Sebastin with the photo titled “Tree Silhouette” and Brooke Willey’s submission of “Feed Me Momma.” 

The following winner were selected in each category with each first place receiving $100, second place $50 and third place $25. 

Going Together included people. Winners include: first place is Jennifer Bourn with the photo titled “Red, White & Blue,” second place is Heather Podgorski’s submission of “I Got a Big One” and third place is “Hittin’ the Minneslopes” by Tom Danielson. 

Going Strong was photos of the community. These winners are: first place is Charnell Timms with the photo titled “Star Struck,” second place is Gary Rieks’ submission of “Catch Me If You Can” and third place is “Guardian” by Nicholas Wanner. 

Going Natural includes photos of nature, sky, flowers and more. The winners include: first place is Patty Wallace with the photo titled “Enter My Winter Wonderland,” second place is Randy Harrison’s submission of “Backroads” and third place is “Birth of a Dahlia” by Deborah Yasosky. 

Going Wild is photos of animals and pets. These winners are: first place is Heidi Miller-Sutton with the photo titled “Busted Bandit,” second place is Lisa Willey’s submission of “Stop to Smell the Flowers” and third place is “Fauna is Beautiful” by Victoria Nazarenko. 

OTHER  

In other action, the council: 

SWORE in Judy Hanson as a Housing and Redevelopment Authority Commissioner. 

SET a special City Council meeting for Wednesday, Oct. 7, at 4:30 p.m. for interviews for the three finalist candidates for the City Administrator position. 

AUTHORIZED staff to begin the recruitment process for an Administrative Secretary/Housing Assistant position in the Community Development Department due to the retirement of Ginny Nylen, which was accepted with regret with an effective date of Nov. 30. 

Contact Alicia Miller at [email protected]

By Matt Monaghan | Sport360  –     
An artificial pitch critically hamstrung the UAE’s attempts to play their trademark free-flowing football in the goalless draw at Palestine, according to boss Mahdi Ali. 
 
The Whites dropped their first points in 2018 World Cup qualifying at the antiquated Faisal Al-Husseini International Stadium.  
 
A game of few chances against spirited opponents was conducted in Al Ram, the poor surface preventing the third-placed side at January’s Asian Cup from playing to their exciting potential. 
 
–  Crowd trouble halts Malaysia vs Saudi Arabia WC qualifier 
– FIFA:  Prince Ali claims he can win presidency 
– UAE:  Malaysian coach quits after humiliating 10-0 loss 
 
“The condition of the pitch didn’t help us to play the way we’re used to playing,” Ali told Abu Dhabi Sports. “It’s a very old artificial pitch.  
 
“It’s not an excuse – we had three chances, two of them were easy. We have an important game against Saudi Arabia next, which will be a crucial one for us and hopefully we’ll do better against them. 
 
“The ball never stopped – it kept rolling, weird bounces. It’s first-generation artificial turf, which is not even approved by FIFA.” 
 
The Group A contest was an emotionally-charged affair, being the first World Cup group-stage qualifier played in Palestinian territory and contested with a fellow Arab nation. 
 
Ali acknowledged the role this political context played. 
 
[embedded content] 
 
He said: “It’s an honour to be here. There were almost 20,000 people watching, but it was like playing in the UAE. 
 
“We dream of the day to see Palestine free and independent.” 
 
The UAE remain provisionally top of the Asian Football Confederation second-round standings because of last night’s suspended Malaysia-Saudi Arabia match.  
 
With the Green Falcons up next in Riyadh on October 8, skipper Ali Khaseif hailed the value of the stalemate. 
 
He said: “I see getting a point ​away here in Palestine as a win for us. We knew what to expect and their fans would come out in scores.  
 
“It’s an honour to be part of this historic day.” 
 
 Related Links

DENVER (AP) – Tim Cullen smiled when he reckoned a one-day marijuana tax holiday in Colorado had probably saved him tens of thousands of dollars. 
 
Cuilen, the owner of Colorado Harvest Co., a chain of marijuana dispensaries, was among the many growers and shoppers who benefited Wednesday from a quirk that required the state to suspend a 10 percent sales tax and a 15 percent wholesale excise tax for a day. 
 
While shoppers saved roughly $20 an ounce, or about 33 cents per joint, pot growers saved $300 a pound. 
 
“I probably saved $45,000 before lunch,” Cullen said. 
 
Looking over a small tangle of pot shoppers in his suburban Denver shop, Cullen said the crowds weren’t huge but the tax break would be a big win anyway. 
 
“This is just gravy,” Cullen said about the shoppers. 
 
RELATED STORIES:   Marijuana Legalization Story Archive  
 
The odd tax waiver was triggered almost two years ago, when Colorado voters approved two taxes on recreational marijuana – a 10 percent sales tax for shoppers and a 15 percent excise tax for wholesale growers. 
 
Ahead of that vote, state tax analysts miscalculated overall state revenue for 2014. The error triggered a mandatory suspension of the new pot taxes. 
 
Lawmakers decided to waive the taxes only for a single day, though voters will have to return to polls in November to authorize the state to keep some $50 million in pot taxes collected in 2014. 
 
Confused? So were many shoppers Wednesday – but they loaded up on lower-cost weed anyway. 
 
“I’m just going to buy a little more than I normally do and hold onto it,” said 41-year-old Tim Persoff. 
 
(credit: CBS) 
 
Some out-of-state visitors were shocked to see the virtually tax-free sale of weed. (It was still subject to local taxes and Colorado’s basic 2.9 percent sales tax.) 
 
“I saw online there was some kind of loophole on the taxes, so I had to come buy some,” said David Illig of Onawa, Iowa, who was passing through on a drive to California. 
 
Colorado tracks marijuana sales but doesn’t make the data public, making it impossible to know if Wednesday set a single-day sales record. Several retailers said the day was akin to a busy holiday weekend. 
 
Still, shoppers and marijuana industry workers lauded the tax holiday as a needed break. 
 
In a statewide tally made final Tuesday, Colorado reported that it collected much more in marijuana-specific taxes last fiscal year than alcohol-specific taxes. 
 
“The cannabis community has brought so much money to the state of Colorado, this is only fair,” said Chad Drew, sales manager at Colorado Harvest Co. 
 
– By Kristen Wyatt, AP Writer 
 
(© Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)

No, the US is not Japan and the Federal Reserve is not the Bank of Japan. But when we assess the implications of what could be the first Fed rate after 7 years of zero interest rate policy in the US, there's no better reference than the BoJ.
When Japan's asset bubble finally burst in 1990 and the nation was gripped in a deflationary spiral, the BoJ's easing policy took interest rates from 6.0% in 1991 to 0.50% in 1995. The central bank paused for three years as the global economy picked up and US demand powered ahead, until the Asian currency crisis hit the continent, forcing the BoJ to further slash rates, dragging the overnight rate to 0.25% in 1998 and 0% in 1999. Quantitative easing followed in 2001. 1st policy mistake In August 2000, satisfied with a modest recovery in inflation and prompted by the need to respond the global economic rebound as well as a series of Fed tightening, BoJ governor Masaru Hayami (known for his hawkishness and combative decisions against the cabinet) decided to raise rates by 25 bps. That proved to be the first policy error as the fallout from the dotcom bubble and the resulting recession in the US and in most of Europe accelerated Japan's deflationary crisis. Hayami was forced to ease again, slashing rates until they returned to 0.0% in early 2006. 2nd policy mistake. The 2nd and more publicized policy mistake occurred in late Q1 2006 as the BoJ, under governor Toshihiko Fukui, began withdrawing liquidity, which was created by raising excess reserves under the 5-year old quantitative easing policy. There were good reasons for reducing the extent of easing: Japan inflation was at 2-year highs, yen was at 3-year lows, the global economic recovery has entered its 2nd year, Fed had been raising rates for two years and even the European Central Bank had started tightening. But Fukui got carried away as the reduction of QE turned into higher rates. The overnight rate was raised back to 0.25% in July 2006 and to 0.50% in February 2007, then a nine-year high. As the global crisis imploded, the BoJ was forced to join all other central banks, dragging rates back to 0.1%. It may be disingenuous to call the BoJ's 2006 tightening a policy mistake as the dynamics prevailing at the time did justify such action. But the fact that the central bank not only quickly returned to zero rates, but also remained stuck in that phase well after other central banks partly withdrew their easing does highlight the structural deficiencies of Japan's savings/deflation dynamics, which were only worsened by the 2006-7 rate hikes. PM Abe's 2012 decision to go for shock-&-awe policy and currency easing reflects the structural complexities of Japan's savings-deflationary deficiency. And still not much progress, with the exception of a weaker yen. Fed Hike would be another Mistake. Despite notable tightening in the US jobs market and improved state of most US balance sheets, a Fed rate hike today will be a policy mistake. Inflation continues to deviate away from the Fed's 2.0% target, lingering at a four-year low of 1.2%, from 1.4% in March and 1.7% in July 2014. This will be exacerbated by the disinflationary impact of USD strength, while inevitable depreciation of the Chinese yuan will continue to supress US inflation to the extent of shadowing declines in US jobless rate. The liquidity gaps in the US treasury market and the threat of further yields spikes at a time when the Federal government is nearing another debt ceiling deadline implies a potential break in the bond market and a blow for equity valuations, long dependent on low discount rates. Aside from China, Saudi Arabia, a key strategic partner of the US is already suffering from the combination of plunging oil prices, rising budget deficit and having its currency –riyal-tied to a strong USD. The minutes of the July FOMC meeting have already revealed an admission of lower inflation and downside risks from China. Since that meeting, China devalued, oil fell further and inflation weakened (core PCE slowed to 1.24% from 1.30%). Raising rates now would be a grave error and the process of reversing it will trigger panic.

Richard Colman is the latest artist featured in The Creative Lives. 
 
The post Always Mixin’ Up the Palette appeared first on The World's Best Ever: Design, Fashion, Art, Music, Photography, Lifestyle, Entertainment .

LOS ANGELES , Sept. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- "Dead Sea Scrolls: The Exhibition" ended a successful run as one of the highest attended traveling exhibitions in California Science Center history on Monday, September 7, 2015 , after a full week of sold out crowds. Lines wrapped around the Science Center building on Saturday, and guests arrived before 6 am in hopes of getting the last tickets available without a reservation for a small time slot in the afternoon. Extended hours were offered the last three weekends the exhibit was open, and sold out well in advance for each day the late hours were available. 

"We are thrilled so many people were able to see this remarkable blend of science and history during its time with us," said Jeffrey Rudolph , Science Center President and CEO. "The attendance exceeded our expectations, and it ranks with some of the most-visited exhibitions we have presented." 
   
The exhibition, featuring over 600 ancient artifacts, opened in March. It sold out most weekends during its six-month long stay, drawing both local crowds and out-of-state visitors. 

"Dead Sea Scrolls: The Exhibition," created by the Israel Antiquities Authority (IAA) from the collections of the Israel National Treasures, features the most comprehensive collection of ancient artifacts from Israel ever organized. The presenting sponsors of "Dead Sea Scrolls: The Exhibition" were The Rosalinde and Arthur Gilbert Foundation, Jewish Life Television and the Consulate General of Israel in Los Angeles , with additional support from the Eli and Edythe Broad Foundation, the Diane and Guilford Glazer Foundation, the Herta Amir and Paul Amir Foundation, the Stanley and Joyce Black Family Foundation, former member of the County of Los Angeles Board of Supervisors—Zev Yaroslavsky (District 3), the Teichman Family Charitable Foundation, Irwin S. Field , the Max Webb Foundation, Barry and Mireille Wolfe , Miriam and Isaac Shepher,Tom Fleish, The Ralph M. Parsons Foundation, Jewish Community Foundation Los Angeles. 

About the California Science Center 

The California Science Center is a dynamic destination where families, adults and children can explore the wonders of science through interactive exhibits, live demonstrations, innovative programs and awe-inspiring films. 

For more information, contact: Kristina Kurasz 
kkurasz@cscmail.org | 213-744-7446 

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150911/265623  

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dead-sea-scrolls-the-exhibition-closes-as-one-of-the-most-visited-exhibits-in-california-science-center-history-300141754.html 

SOURCE  California Science Center Foundation

By Daniel Noll 
 
Earlier this year, we collaborated with the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC) on a three-part series entitled Travel as a Force for Good . In connection with its latest campaign we have been invited to explore what “Freedom to Travel ” means to us.  As we did, we reaffirmed that the right to travel is not only important to us as individuals, but also to the communities we visit, and to the world and our shared humanity. Here’s why. 
 
 
 Small amidst the grandeur of the Simien Mountains, Ethiopia.   
After having traveled together to over 90 countries during the last fifteen years, we are often asked,  “What’s the greatest lesson you’ve learned?” 
 
Deep breath. 
 
I feel as though my attempt to answer each time is never really up to the task of honoring the experience. The evidence stacks up almost too high, even for a single outing. My travels leave such deep imprints in and on me that I must on occasion deliberately take time to unpack those lessons, much as I might my luggage upon concluding a trip. 
 
Nowadays, we have the opportunity to embark on journeys that were not too long ago unthinkable. The opportunities to explore the world — to feel and experience and comprehend it — are so vastly different and more broadly accessible than even just a generation or two ago. As modern transportation has placed us within a day or two of most of the world’s destinations, we stand at a moment in the history of travel that speaks to a remarkable privilege – one that is almost too easy to take for granted. 
 
Still, our attention is captured, our sense of mystery engaged. Travel is thrilling. 
 
If we look at it right, travel can be viewed as the ultimate act of appreciation. 
 
Why? 
 
Like running one’s hands through the soil of a robust garden at the harvest, travel is a vein of appreciation that seeks to know what’s at the root of our existence, of our being human — together. 
 Video: I Am Travel  
A simple, yet powerful message: We should all have the right for travel freedom. What this beautiful video from WTTC that shows why. 
 
 
 24 Reasons Why the Freedom to Travel Matters  1. Enables us to better understand ourselves, our world, and our place in it.  
Note: You can stop here if you like. The rest is “the how.” 
 2. Helps transform our fears into curiosity.  
Travel is the ideal laboratory to question and test all the assumptions that underlie your fears, so that you may emerge with new conclusions and evolve not only your thinking, but also who you believe you are. 
 3. Expands the boundaries of what you thought was possible – not only for you, but also for others.  
Travel helps us press the edges of our perceived limitations, so that we may re-imagine them and continue to reach beyond. 
 
 
 Travel. A Journey.   4. Spurs us all to be storytellers.  
Travel provides a platform to tell your story and to hear the stories of others, then return home and tell a new story, a shared story. 
 5. Cultivates a sense of awe, curiosity, and respect.  
It does this in light of all the grandness and beauty, natural and man-made — around us, on the road…and at home . 
 
 
 Following a cheetah on his morning hunt in the Serengeti.   6. Reaffirms that in all of life’s struggles, we are never alone.  
Travel and you will realize that whatever physical, emotional, and financial challenges you face, there’s someone halfway around the world that struggles similarly. 
 7. Evolves our perspective, helps us see things in a new way.  
Travel not only shifts our thinking about the places we visit, but it can also help us carry back a spirit of innovation into our daily lives, personally and professionally. 
 8. Reveals the unexpected, if we open ourselves up for it.  
For as much as we all construct our itineraries, our innermost secret hope is that we will find something new, something we never could have planned. Travel often delivers. 
 
 
 Clouds lift, revealing the stunning Karanfil Mountains, Albania.   9. Enables us to accumulate experiential wisdom .  
It’s one thing to read about a place, it’s another to walk its streets, eat its food, and engage with its people. Travel is among the most effective forms of experiential learning there is. 
 10. Develops humility. That is, humble-ness.  
The larger the world, the smaller your place in it. Fortunately, this re-sizing of self is also simultaneously paired with a sense of how great our individual impact on the lives of others can be. 
 
 
 Get amongst it, New Zealand.   11. Allows us to let go , open up, and embrace uncertainty.  
When everything around you is changing at pace, as it often the case on the road, sometimes the best choice – the only choice — is to accept it, to surrender to uncertainty, and simply be present amidst all that swirls around you. 
 12. Bends stereotypes to the point of breaking.  
Travel helps unpack prevailing narratives about others and ourselves.  In TED parlance, travel can aid a departure from the “ single story ”, to many stories and multiple threads. 
 
 
 Dancing breaks out at the market in Urgench, Turkmenistan.   13. Builds empathy .  
Travel continually exposes you to people and contexts much different than your own. Listening to, understanding and connecting with the feelings, thoughts, and stories of others helps to strengthen your empathy muscle. 
 14. Helps bind us to our history, our arc.  
The experience of travel reinforces that although we may appear very different from one another, we often are working towards a common goal of making a life for ourselves and seeking a better life for those who will follow us long after we are gone. This relationship ties us to our past, binds us to our present, and links us to our future. 
 15. Re-shapes “other” into “us”.  
Fear of another is easy, and frankly it’s often understandable. Travel helps to swap that fear with memories of people you’ve met in the flesh. When this happens countries are no longer shapes on a map or hotspots on the breaking news, but instead are places filled with stories of someone who invited you in for tea, wrote you a poem , guided you when you were lost, or helped you see life in a different light. 
 
 
 Audrey adopted by a group of Turkmen women at a pilgrimage site.   16. Serves as a platform to explore adventure in all its dimensions.  
Whether this is physical (e.g., climbing a mountain), emotional (doing something new that frightens you) or even psychological (re-imaging borders and barriers). 
 17. Cultivates your independence while revealing our greater interdependence.  
Whether you travel solo, with your family or in a group, travel flexes the “get out there” independence muscle. At the same time, the experience of travel tells us that we need one another to get there and to enable those personal victories. 
 18. Connects us directly and firsthand to the environment and our impact on it.  
Ride water currents to glaciers halfway around the world that are retreating, and you begin to understand that your actions at home do have an impact worldwide. 
 
 
 New to the world, a young Gentoo penguin in Antarctica.   19. Empowers you to determine how and where you spend your tourism money.  
Mindful purchases and spending choices in line with your values really can make a genuine positive impact on the local communities you visit . 
 
 
 Enjoying their dance performance in South Africa’s Northern Cape supports their local school.   20. Contributes significantly to economic growth and local job development.  
In 2014, the tourism industry was estimated at $  7.6 trillion (yes, you read that correctly) in annual revenue; it employed over 277 million people worldwide (Source: WTTC ). That represents almost 10% of total worldwide revenue, and 1 in 11 workers around the globe. Behind these staggering statistics, which are only expected to grow, are people : mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters, all trying to make their way to better support their families. 
 21. Demonstrates that everyone has something valuable to share, something to give.  
Sometimes, it takes a visitor from the outside – wide eyes and all – to show us that what we sometimes take for granted in our daily lives is special, too.  Next time: watch someone making the local bread or tortillas. Travel can serve as a remarkable platform of cultural pride and self-esteem. 
 
 
 Audrey attempts to make traditional Jordanian bread during a Zikra Initiative exchange .   22. Exposes our similarities, highlights our differences and reinforces our shared humanity.  
Travel exposes us to others, others to us, and each of us to one another – and uncovers the diversity of being and experience that defines what it means to be human. 
 23. Catalyzes a feeling of inter-connectedness and greater community.  
When we go outside our front door, we find that we are part of a local community. Similarly, when we travel, we find that we are members of a worldwide community. This awareness binds us to care and to take responsibility for our own — that is, the world’s — well being. 
 24. Reinforces that the more we seek to understand each other, the less likely we are to turn on one another.  
Travel may not ultimately deliver world peace, but it certainly can help. 
 The Significance of Travel “Freedom”  
So yes, it strikes us that travel is powerful, impactful, remarkable. But what’s so important about the “freedom” part? 
 
Not everyone has the same freedom to travel. Audrey and I carry American passports , providing us with arguably some of the greatest flexibility of movement of any passport in the world. Without our privilege, we would not be able to do a lot of what we do, in the way that we do it. 
 
Yet the freedom and right to travel can be restricted in various directions. 
 
So what can we do? 
 
We can act on whatever right we do have, and we can do so mindfully , pairing our freedom to travel with the responsibility to do so in a way that benefits everyone . We can help lay a foundation for others and make the case for a greater freedom to travel. 
 
Travel is the act of movement. As you take your next step, your journey moves forward, and so it will for others, and ultimately for our planet. 
 
Now it’s your turn. What does “Freedom to Travel” mean to you? 
 Disclosure: We teamed up with WTTC to write this article in connection to their Freedom to Travel campaign. As always, the thoughts contained herein — the what, the why, and the how — are entirely our own.  
The post Why the Freedom to Travel Matters appeared first on Uncornered Market . 
        

 Uncornered Market 
 Off the Beaten Path: A Travel Guide to More Than 1000 Scenic and Interesting Places Still Uncrowded and Inviting 
 

Off the Beaten Path spotlights over 1,000 of the United States’ most overlooked must- see destinations. In a state-by-state A-to-Z format, this budget-friendly vacation planner reveals the best-kept secret spots so that no matter where you live, you can plan an unforgettable local vacation within an hour or two of your home. Each of the featured sites has been verified by the respective state’s tourist bureau as still being “off the beaten path.” Revel in nature, science, art, and culture, and encounter the unexpected as you explore undiscovered gems.

Content marketing is “the strategy” that can create critical visibility for the treatment facilities. With thousands of treatment facilities in the country, it can be difficult to make a particular drug rehabilitation center stand out from the rest. Content marketing is “the strategy” that can create critical visibility for the treatment facilities. 
WHY IS CONTENT KING? 

Drug and alcohol treatment is a highly personal process. Finding a treatment facility that the potential patient feels they can trust is a sensitive task. Having the right content on the treatment facility’s website can help alleviate confusion and establish trust, rather than just having basic information about the facility such as location, phone number and services offered. Any facility can have a website; however, having a website that provides well-written information about treatment and addiction will give the reader insight When it comes to determining rank on search engines, Google loves to see relevant content from trusted sources drive traffic to a targeted site. 
   
Google also loves to then see that traffic remain on your site. Consistently providing refreshing and relevant content will captivate a reader, not only encouraging them to go to your site but also keep them there. In the field of treatment, competition can be fierce. It is important to utilize content when demonstrating authority and pedigree in the field. In order to maintain a viable amount of patients, a treatment facility needs to have a good perception of all topics related to addiction and treatment. 

Your content can achieve even more authority when it is published by a highly trusted 3rd party source. Due to the fact that it can be difficult to constantly come up with new material for a website, having a professional writer create the content is most useful. Staying on top of developments in the treatment field will also make writing content easier. 

Blogs help make your content go viral and capture citations in the form of feedback and mentions. When the readers are actively talking about a topic, more keywords are being created, thus helping the treatment facility appear more often when those keywords are searched for. This creates more social authority and relevance for your content and ultimately boosts your website ranking. Any drug rehabilitation center can benefit from being talked about frequently. 

Staying fresh in reader’s minds helps them to remember the facility when they decide to finally make the step towards treatment, or sending their loved one to treatment. In the end, content engages people and motivates them to act. Trusted publishing sources establishes pedigree, authority, drives traffic, and helps your website rank. Blogs will help your content go viral, capture citations, and help your page ranking. Having your name be seen continuously will only brand you and keep you relevant. 

Distributed by Client Initiative 

Media Contact 
Company Name: Client Initiatives 
Contact Person: Stacy 
Email:  support@clientinitiatives.com 
Phone: (888) 622-1282 
Address: 49690 Enterprise Cir. N #210 
City: Temecula 
State: CA 
Country: United States 
Website:  http://www.clientinitiatives.com/

Nearly 7,000 people have called on BrewDog – a British craft beer company – to remove an advert many have labelled transphobic. Thousands of customers have promised to boycott BrewDog unless the offending video is removed. The video – called Don’t Make Us Do This – asks fans of the company to become “investors”. In order to “avoid embarrassment”, co-founders James Watt and Martin Dickie then beg viewers not force them into damaging or humiliating experiences. A few examples of said experiences are then given – such as begging for money on the streets or becoming a trans sex worker. Watt and Dickie are then shown standing in a brothel window in women’s underwear and a wig. Watt and Dickie then say they “need a bath”. A petition to remove the advert has been issued, stating: “BrewDog beer company claims to be ‘beer for punks’. They claim to be ethical. “Yet in their new crowdsourcing video they mock homeless people, trans women and sex workers.” “They say, ‘don’t make us do this’ – whilst performing as offensive caricatures of people, many of whom already suffer discrimination every day,” the petition adds. “They are mocking the lives and experiences of people who real punks would be defending and helping.” “Worse, this is a fundraising video – they’re using these images in an exploitative manner to make money.” One of the petitioners – Sarah Burns – said, “Not cool, BrewDog. Not punk, not funny, not ethical, and not cool. “My husband and I are big fans of your beer but we’ll both be boycotting it until this ad is pulled. “‘Don’t make us do this'” my f***ing arse. Remember, the rule is punch up, not down.” Last week, it was reported that hundreds of “transphobic” students walked out of school, after refusing to share a changing room with a fellow pupil because she was trans. Watch the full BrewDog advert below. 1 reader comment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter

Ticket Down has slashed ticket prices across the board for Conor McGregor vs. Jose Aldo UFC 194 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. This popular ticket site has extended their customer appreciation promo/coupon code DISCOUNT on any ticket purchase.

Ticket Down is a reputable source of authentic tickets for UFC 194 featuring Conor McGregor vs. Jose Aldo. Starting on December 10th fans of the Ultimate Fighting Championship and mixed martial arts will have the chance to see shows on three consecutive nights. The first show will feature the Paige VanZant vs. Joanne Calderwood main event, while the December 11th show will feature the featherweight showdown between Chad Mendes and Frankie Edgar, but the fight that fans can’t wait to see will come on December 12th when Jose Aldo and Conor McGregor fight to unify the UFC featherweight title. The UFC 194 card also features the UFC middleweight title fight between Chris Weidman and Luke Rockhold and several other elite level fights.

Aldo and McGregor were set to fight several months ago but an injury forced Aldo out of the fight. McGregor went on to win the interim title beating Mendes and now the stage is set for these two men to finally settle the score and determine who the best 145 pound fighter is in the sport of MMA. McGregor will come into the fight riding a 14 fight winning streak dating back to 2010 but Aldo comes in sporting an even more impressive 18 fight winning streak dating back to 2006.

The other main event will settle a rivalry that has is relatively new in the MMA world. Since dethroning Anderson Silva as the man in the middleweight division, Weidman has defended his title successfully three times against three of the best fighters in the division. The best in the division argument is where this rivalry began as Rockhold feels he is the unofficial man to beat in the division. He was the final Strikeforce middleweight champion and despite suffering a defeat at the hands of Vitor Belfort has put together four straight impressive stoppages to earn his place in the title fight.

UFC 194 will take place from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, NV on December 12.

About TicketDown.com:

Ticket Down delivers tickets to sold out concerts and events worldwide when no one else can, and they do so at discounted prices. This popular ticket exchange also has authentic UFC 194 tickets for all budgets and seating preferences. UFC fans can choose from ringside seats, club seats, box seats, general admission (GA) and more.

Note: Ticket Down is not associated with any professional boxers or venues mentioned in this release. The names that are used in this release are purely for descriptive purposes. We are not affiliated with nor do we endorse any trademarked terms or venues in this release. We do not take responsibility for any errors or omissions in this release.

Check out our discount codes online for all upcoming events. Ticket Down has low overheads which allow this well-known ticket site to keep prices competitive.

Logo: http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/1426709143.jpeg 

“Ticket Down is a reputable source of authentic tickets for UFC 194 featuring Conor McGregor vs. Jose Aldo – add promo code DISCOUNT for added savings.” 

Media Contact 

Source: ABNewswire

ReleaseID: 38875

2Face on Annie proposal  
2Face has opened up on why it took him so long to propose to wife, Annie Macaulay-Idibia . 
 2Face on Annie proposal: Singer explains why it took so long  
The two had been together since childhood, but with several breaks in between where the iconic singer had flings with other women. 
 
READ:  Pandemonium As Topless Lady Tries To Strip 2Face On Stage, As Annie Looks On 
 
When asked about why it took him so long, 2Face said in an interview : 
 
“I’m not surprised. Honestly, I mean back in the day it had come across my mind one or two times to propose to her but somehow it got to this point where I was like I’m not going to get married. Even before I started having kids I had already said I’m not going to get married.” 
 
“Before then there’s been one or two times where I almost proposed to Annie. But I just said no no no because I just thought I wasn’t going to be faithful, I wasn’t going to be good enough. I had always thought I wasn’t going to be the best man for any woman so because of that, I just thought I’m not going to get married; I’m just going to live my life.” 
 
  
 
  
 
The post appeared first on 360Nobs.com .

ASHBURN, Va. — Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III is still awaiting medical clearance to return from a concussion he sustained three weeks ago. 
 
Griffin or Colt McCoy will back up starter Kirk Cousins on Sunday when Washington opens its season against the Miami Dolphins. 
 
Coach Jay Gruden said Thursday he has "no idea" why the team has yet to receive a written response from the independent neurologist who examined Griffin this week. On Wednesday, he said he expected to receive it by the end of the day. 
 
Gruden suggested he could wait until game day to announce Washington’s backup. 
 
Griffin lost his starting job to Cousins early last week and has missed Washington's final two preseason games. Gruden had named Griffin this season's starter in February.

The popular comedy drama about Nina Proudman and her family will be back on air next year. 

Offspring will be back on air in 2016.

For more than a year since the last episode of Ten's popular dramedy went to air, fans have been expecting to hear that a new series in the adventures of obstetrician Nina Proudman (Asher Keddie) and her family was on its way.

Now, Ten has finally delivered.

Announcing the news, programming chief Beverley McGarvey said: "It was no secret that we wanted to continue Nina's adventures and we are thrilled to announce that Offspring will return to Ten for a sixth season in 2016".

"There are so many more chapters left in Nina's life," she said.

"We paused her story just as she had bravely navigated motherhood as a single parent rediscovering the joy and romance of life, while dealing with her fabulously messy family as they went about their unpredictable daily lives.

"The strength and appeal of Offspring lies in the ability of its producers and writers to marry conventional narrative drama with flashbacks and fantasy sequences. We can't wait to start production on the sixth season."

It's not just fans who will welcome the arrival of this healthy addition to the line-up; Ten desperately needs a home-grown drama for its schedule.

Over five seasons from 2010, Offspring has been a reliable ratings performer for the network, at times its one shining light amid a downturn that seemed destined never to end.

Its final season-five episode on August 9, 2014 was Ten's highest performer of the week, being watched by a tick under 1.5 million viewers nationally (cities and regions).

But the show's success was also its curse: because more than 65 episodes had been produced, it no longer qualified for the producer offset, a federal government program that allows a tax rebate of 20 per cent of production costs.

That meant the show, which is produced by Endemol Shine, would be considerably more expensive for Ten to acquire.

Last year, producer John Edwards noted, "The show is now so popular that paying a higher price for it is obviously a consideration".

Ten has clearly decided it is a price worth paying, and fans can be thankful for that. The story first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald.

Victor Vito was the pick of the All Blacks' pack with a busy performance against a determined Namibia in London. 
             
 OPINION: The All Blacks continued their patchy Rugby World Cup form with a frustrating win over Namibia. Here's how we rated the individual efforts. 
 
 Colin Slade 6.5  
 
Proficient positioning at the back. Joined backline when he could and produced a couple of sweet passes. Got 11 minutes at first-five at start of second half before being subbed. 
 
 Nehe Milner-Skudder 8  
 
A big step up from nervous opener against the Pumas. Two tries made him the official man of the match. Some good steps and busted first tackle every time. Sweet hands to gift Codie Taylor the last try. 
 
 Malakai Fekitoa 6  
 
A mixed effort. Couple of nice touches to keep the ball alive. Quiet night with his own running game but showed right instincts to stay on Sonny Bill Williams' shoulder for a good try. Guilty of falling off the tackle that gave Namibia their try. 
 
 Sonny Bill Williams 8  
 
Carried on where he left off with his exciting cup opener. Showed his distribution is more than just offloads with some good wide passes. But pop-pass for Fekitoa's  try was sublime and produced a beautiful flick off the ground to keep movement alive for Skudder's second try. 
 
 Julian Savea 7  
 
Confidence-booster for the big wing who finally broke his 2015 test try drought with a brace. Wasn't given a lot of space out wide but went looking for work constantly and was a danger on the inside channel. Couple of drops under the high ball contributed to a sloppy second spell by the All Blacks. 
 
 Beauden Barrett 6.5  
 
Competent control at No 10. Showed blistering speed and eye for gap for his try. Good line kicking but guilty of over-doing chip kicks at times. Goalkicking still a concern with five out of nine attempts. 
 
 TJ Perenara 5  
 
Had an armchair ride behind a dominant pack. Content to move the ball with his passing and ignored his running game. Subbed after 47 minutes. 
 
 READ MORE: 
* Recap: ABs earn scrappy win 
*  Redemption for Milner-Skudder 
* Second stringers miss chance  
*  ABs put nine tries past Namibia 
 
 
 Victor Vito 8  
 
The pick of the pack. Looks comfortable at No 8 and showed good control at back of scrum. A lineout force and busy in all areas. Set the tone with his opening try and his game has real momentum at the moment. 
 
 Same Cane 7  
 
Handled the captaincy well, vocal and imploring his side to keep some shape against a committed opponent who were determined to slow the game down. Plenty of continuity play. Held the leadership when Richie McCaw was introduced for final quarter. 
    
 Jerome Kaino 6.5  
 
Solid as ever. Wasn't a night of huge tackle counts as All Blacks dominated position but Kaino made his hits count. Subbed for McCaw after 61 minutes. 
 
 Sam Whitelock 6.5  
 
Got an early lineout steal and was good at the restarts – an area of concern in the All Blacks game lately but one where they got plenty of practice. 
 
 Luke Romano 7.5  
 
Strong display with his physical approach. Asked to go the distance and was still firing at the finish. Couple of bruising runs and effective cleanout work at breakdown. 
 
 Charlie Faumuina 6.5  
 
A pleasing hour's work by the tighthead who has been short of rugby over recent months. Anchored a dominant scrum and popped up around the fringes as well as doing the grind. 
 
 RUGBY WORLD CUP ZONE: 
*  RWC 2015 Match Centre 
*  Tournament history 
*  Best RWC moments 
*  RWC team profiles 
*  All Blacks squad 
*  RWC Fantasy league 
*  Printable wallchart  
 
 Codie Taylor 7  
 
Showed the All Blacks have strength in the hooking department. Accurate lineout throwing and solid in the scrums. Popped up increasingly with his running and rewarded with the last try, looming out wide. 
 
 Ben Franks 6.5  
 
Cost three points with an early penalty. Made up for that by scampering back to tidy up ugly situation in front of All Blacks' posts. Overpowered his opposite at scrum time. 
 
 RESERVES  
 
 Keven Mealamu  Not used 
 
 Wyatt Crockett 6  
 
Got on after 63 minutes and had a busy time amidst scrum resets. Knock-on when appearing in the backline. 
 
 Tony Woodcock   Not used 
 
 Kieran Read 6  
 
On after 51 minutes for Sam Whitelock. Proved he's able to be locking cover in an area where the team are travelling light and looking for versatility. 
 
 Richie McCaw 6  
 
On after 61 minutes for Kaino and took on blindside duties. Quiet time as game spluttered through frustrating final quarter. 
 
 Tawera Kerr-Barlow 6  
 
Got some much-needed game time in the black jersey with his last test almost a year ago. Content to be the link and produced a good option with a blindside pass for Savea's second try. 
 
 Ma'a Nonu 6  
 
On after 61 minutes for Williams to notch his 99th test. One good bust but struggled for impact as the game failed to flow. 
 
 Ben Smith 6  
 
On after 51 minutes for Slade to operate at fullback. Showed his nose for the try line by being in the right place at the right time. 
 
  
  
- Stuff 
                  Comments

The gold standard of measuring inequality is the Gini coefficient . It’s been rising in the United States since the 1970s. But last year, when Gini was calculated for metro areas, Seattle didn’t make the top 10. Those included Bridgeport, Conn.; Naples, Fla., New York; Miami, and Port St. Lucie, Fla. 
 
The Wall Street Journal crunched Census data and came up with slightly different rankings . Still, Seattle didn’t make the top 30 metropolitan areas in income inequality (nor the 30 least unequal, although Olympia did). 
 
That doesn’t mean all is well, of course. A new report from the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics looks at the so-called 90-10 ratio. In other words, the ratio of the 90th percentile in income to the 10th percentile. Thus, the best paid 10 percent of wage earners in the country (the 90th percentile) earned at least $88,330 annually, while the lowest paid 10 percent (the 10th percentile) earned less than $18,190. 
   
The data cover 2003 to 2013, and not surprisingly location, metro size and occupation concentration make a big difference. 
 Most Read Stories Fatal crash involving stolen motorcycle snarls I-5 traffic Rare fish landed off Westport could be new state record Car strikes, kills toddler in stroller in Bellevue Seahawks 26, Bears 0: What the national media are saying Father of Marysville shooter convicted of gun charges Unlimited Digital Access.  $1 for 4 weeks. 
The report states, “Larger areas, especially in the Northeast and on the West Coast, typically have greater wage inequality, while smaller areas, many of which are in the South and Midwest, have less inequality. Metropolitan areas with high concentrations of employment in higher paying occupations also tend to have greater inequality.” 
 
The ratio for Seattle-Bellevue-Everett was 5.21 in 2013. That’s significantly higher than the 4.86 for the United States as a whole. 
 
But context matters: It’s fairly modest for a tech center. Seattle ranks 25th in income inequality, with San Jose at 7.14 and D.C. at 6.76. Rocket-science Huntsville, Ala., has a ratio of 6.16 — the difference between the NASA engineers and the fast-food workers. 
 
Among major technopolises, only Austin and Raleigh came in lower, and not by much. Portland was 4.62. 
 
So, while acknowledging that income inequality is a major problem for the nation and a concern here, the data indicate that Seattle is not among the worst metros. And some metros that had lower 90-10 ratios had overall more limited economies. 
 
Today’s Econ Haiku: 
  
Now we can translate 
 
What Volkswagen was saying 
 
Fahrvergnügen you

 Hello Crafty Friends, Welcome back to Carson's Creations and thanks for stopping by on this wonderful Wednesday! It's time for a DoubleClick Skittles Challenge.  This Week's Challenge... Use a Monster or Robot Here is my Design Team project... I sure do like using these Tim Holtz distress inks! So many color combinations and patterns you can create...lots of fun too! I love the watercolor background with the monster on top. I used Sunset orange, black, and citrus colored skittles. Then I cut this cute girlie monster from Miss Kate Cuttables on my Cameo. It is actually from a set of 3 different monsters! Other Challenges: Crafty Calendar Challenge ~ Anything Goes Little Scrap Pieces ~ Anything Goes  Jo's Scrap Shack ~ Anything Goes Clear It Out ~ Anything Goes Now, I hope you will  join us this week for the "Use a Monster or Robot" challenge at DoubleClick Skittles. Be sure to check out the other Design Team members. Thanks for stopping by! Stay Creative, Georgiana

Authorities say one of six brothers accused of sexually abusing a young girl over 10 years has refused a plea bargain and is scheduled for trial next year.
    
The Virginian-Pilot of Norfolk reported that five brothers and the girls' parents have been sentenced. The parents pleaded guilty to felony sex abuse and accessory after the fact in Perquimans County Superior Court earlier this week.
    
Each was sentenced to between 31 months and 47 months in prison.
    
They and their sons were arrested in May 2014 following an investigation that began with the confession of the oldest brother to his minister.
    
District Attorney Andrew Womble says a 20-year-old brother has refused a plea deal and is scheduled for trial in January on sex-related charges.

A man involved in a road rage incident will await a psychiatric report before sentencing in December. 
             
A man will stay in custody at Hillmorton Hospital awaiting sentence after admitting running down a man in a road rage incident. 
 
During the remand, a psychiatric report will be prepared on how to deal with 51-year-old Andrew George McDaniel at his sentencing on December 15. 
 
The report was ordered along with a report on McDaniel's suitability for home detention when he pleaded guilty to five charges in the Christchurch District Court on Tuesday. 
 
The Swannanoa property developer was charged with injuring a man with intent to cause grievous bodily harm, and wilfully illtreating a dog by injuring it causing it pain to the extent that it was necessary to destroy the animal to end its suffering. He aced separate charges of assault, driving with excess breath-alcohol and careless driving. 
 
The most serious charges arose from an incident that took place on March 23, at the Eyre River crossing in Downs Rd, near Rangiora. 
 
McDaniel was driving a dark-grey four-wheel-drive Nissan. 
 
A man out walking the family's 10-month-old puppy, with his wife and two children at about 5.45pm, signalled to McDaniel to slow down when he drove out of the river crossing. 
 
McDaniel then manoeuvred the car with a series of u-turns to try to knock the man down. 
 
The man tried to avoid the vehicle by jumping over a fence but was struck and then the puppy was hit by the car as it drove away from the scene. 
 
The man received treatment for cuts to his hands from the fence, cuts and bruises on his head and injuries to his shoulder and ankle. The puppy was put down.  
    
 

Ricky Zililo Senior Sports Reporter 
NETHERLANDS-based Young Warriors’ midfielder Marvelous Nakamba said he harbours no grudge against national team selectors after being overlooked for the Warriors despite enjoying good club form that has seen him being a regular starter. 
 
Nakamba earned his first senior national team cap in June, coming from the bench in the Warriors’ 2-1 away win against Malawi in the opening match of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier. 
 
The left-footed midfielder who has played six competitive matches, two Uefa Europa League playoffs against English side Southampton and four league games, believes his career is on the rise. 
 
Nakamba played every minute of both Uefa Europa League play-offs against Southampton in which they lost 5-0 on aggregate and lasted the entire match when Vitesse registered its second victory of the season beating Cambuur 4-1 at home on Sunday. 
 
The former Bantu Rovers’ promising star, who joined Vitesse from French side AS Nancy last year and made a number of appearances coming from the bench, has this season turned a new leaf. 
    
“To be honest, I was really looking forward to a national team call-up because I’m enjoying good club form. The last time I played for the Warriors, most of us were coming from off-season and that could have contributed to the jittery performance. However, I’m not bitter at all that the coaches have overlooked me because I understand the coach (Callisto Pasuwa) has his plans and the guys called are capable of getting the country the much needed positive result. Hopefully, I’ll be back in the national team and will continue working hard,” said Nakamba. 
 
The 21-year-old former Njube High School pupil said he would continue training at his base during the Fifa calendar weekend break. 
 
Pasuwa named what appears on paper to be a strong side, but his preparations for weekend game against Guinea took off at a snail’s pace as most foreign-based players are stuck at their bases waiting for Zifa to send them air tickets. 
 
Midfielders who will do duty this weekend include the South African-based trio of Willard Katsande, Khama Billiat and Kuda Mahachi. 
 
Of the three, only Mahachi, who was not registered by Mamelodi Sundowns, has not played competitive football in the last four weeks, but has only been training with the Chloorkop side. 
 
Mahachi’s stellar performance against South Africa last month in Pietermaritzburg during the Under-23 Caf Championships clash, could be the reason the ginger-haired midfielder was called up. 
 
Danish-based midfielder Quincy Antipas has been ruled out and replaced by Dynamos’ Ronald Chitiyo. 
 
Chicken Inn’s captain Danny “Deco” Phiri is the other locally-based midfielder called up for national duty.

KUALA LUMPUR: 1Malaysian Development Berhad has condemned as “wrong, poorly sourced, sensationalist and malicious” the latest article by the Wall Street Journal concerning 1MDB. 
 
The article related to “nearly US$1.0 billion” of payments which WSJ said was made by 1MDB for termination of certain options. 
 
The state-owned fund said: “Given the severity of the unproven allegations, the malicious insinuations made and the impact on the 1MDB rationalisation plan, we would have expected at the very least that the Wall Street Journal would have the decency and courage to name its source and/or provide proof.” 
 
“This inability to substantiate clearly shows the shallow nature of its assertions and casts serious doubt on whether or not the Wall Street Journal editors themselves believe in the weak story, cobbled together by its reporters.” 
 
The article had referred to the Abu Dhabi-owned investment company Aabar and its subsidiary IPIC which have dealings with 1MDB. 
 
1MDB said in a statement: “We reiterate that we cannot speak on behalf of Aabar or IPIC nor can we comment on the accounting arrangements of third parties. 
 
“What we can confirm is that the notes to the 1MDB 31.03.2014 audited financial statements clearly describe the source of funding and purpose of the payments for the option termination, which for the avoidance of doubt, is structured as a deposit pending determination of the final settlement amount (i.e. it is currently a financial asset belonging to, and not yet an expense to, 1MDB).” 
 
It added: “1MDB can confirm that pursuant to the payment made by 1MDB, the options were in fact terminated. In fact, 1MDB and its relevant subsidiaries were released and discharged from all agreements, options, covenants, conditions and stipulations on their part under the options and that any rights by any other party towards the options were relinquished and terminated.” – BERNAMA

Lenovo has finally rolled out the Android 5.0 Lollipop update for two of its fast-selling budget smartphones, the A6000 and the A6000 Plus. The official OTA (Over the Air) Android 5.0 Lollipop update features several upgrades and bug fixes over the existing operating system version Android 4.4 Kitkat.

For upgrading to Android 5.0 Lollipop, owners of A6000 and A6000 Plus should navigate to SettingsAbout Phone tab and tap the System Updates option. The update file is huge in size and hence it is suggested that they connect to a Wi-Fi network before updating their device. They should also ensure the battery in their device is sufficiently charged.

Both A6000 and A600 Plus offer a decent combination of features, multimedia performance and battery efficiency. The Lenovo A6000 and the A6000 Plus are available exclusively through Flipkart.

The A6000 Plus features processor, display, camera and battery similar to A6000 but packs double the RAM and device storage. The A6000 Plus is now available for Rs 7,499.

According to the IDC’s Asia-Pacific Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker, Q2, 2015 ( August 2015 release), Lenovo has emerged as the biggest 4G smartphone brand in India with a 29.4% share of the 4G smartphone market. Lenovo is leading the market with its aggressively priced 4G LTE smartphone portfolio, with over a million 4G devices sold during Q2, 2015. Lenovo has sold 1.3 million units of A6000 and A6000 Plus till date.

The other two Lenovo devices in the budget category, the A7000 and the K3 Note, run on Android 5.0 Lollipop out of the box and hence, after the official OTA release for the A6000 and the A6000 Plus, all Lenovo budget smartphones will run on Android 5.0 Lollipop operating system.

SOURCE 1-800 Contacts

DRAPER, Utah 

"Vision problems can absolutely affect a child's ability to learn and do well in school," says Dr. Clay Mattson 

That's why 1-800 Contacts supports the American Academy of Ophthalmology and the American Optometric Association in encouraging parents to make an eye exam a part of their back-to-school process.

Back to school: more than pencils, pens, and paper

Most of the thinking around back to school is about having the right school supplies. "But having the right supplies won't matter much if the student can't see the board at the front of the room or focus on their reading material," says Dr. Mattson.

If vision correction is needed, contact lenses are often the preferred choice for middle school and high school students as they don't alter their appearance or hinder participation in sports, drama, or other extracurricular activities. With balancing those extracurricular activities, along with schoolwork, friends, jobs, and family life, caring for contacts can easily be overlooked. 

Are you caring for your contacts correctly?

It's important for anyone who might wear contact lenses to develop safe wearing practices, particularly young adults who are developing habits that will likely last a lifetime. Here are four tips from 1-800 Contacts for teenagers wearing contact lenses:

4 tips for teenagers wearing contact lenses How to find the right contacts for your teenager

Ultimately, your doctor will prescribe the brand of contact lens based on the condition of your eyes and what you find comfortable, but it's still a good idea to be educated about different kinds of lenses before you go in for your eye exam. The 1-800 Contacts Lens Finder tool 

Regardless of which brand is prescribed, patients should always leave an exam with a written prescription for contact lenses – not just an eye glasses prescription. 

"An annual eye exam is so important," says Dr. Mattson. "Even if your child isn't experiencing any obvious problems, an eye exam can be invaluable in protecting his or her vision down the road."

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150909/264920-INFO 

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/1-800-contacts-reminds-parents-to-schedule-eye-exams-for-their-teens-as-part-of-back-to-school-process-300140114.html

©2015 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

David Price has another American League Cy Young Award within reach, an honor that would have historic - and monetary - ramifications.

Price, after yet another stellar outing for the Toronto Blue Jays, and a debacle by Houston Astros’ ace Dallas Keuchel, for the first time Wednesday night became the frontrunner to win the AL Cy Young award.

Price, after yielding one run and striking out nine in seven innings in Toronto’s 9-1 victory over Atlanta, now is 16-5 with a 2.42 ERA, which now leads the American League after Keuchel was torched for nine earned runs in the Astros’ 14-3 drubbing to Texas.

Price, who won the 2012 Cy Young award, now has the opportunity to join Rick Sutcliffe (1984) as the only pitchers in history to win a Cy Young award after being traded the same season.

Price, 30, is everything you’d possibly want in an ace. He wins at the time you need it the most, with four of his seven victories for Toronto coming after losses. He dominates virtually every time he steps on the mound. And he takes that ball, and hangs onto it, deep into games, year after year.

Price, with 208 1/3 innings, has eclipsed 200 innings in five of his six full seasons, making at least 31 starts a year.

The man will be paid, more than any free-agent starter in baseball this winter, with a payday that surely will surpass $200 million.

If you’re the St. Louis Cardinals, Chicago Cubs, Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Yankees and Blue Jays, how can you not be salivating over the thought of having him in your rotation for the next seven years?

Considering the way he’s dominating the American League, can you just imagine what he’d do in the pitching-friendly National League with no DH and weaker lineups?

Price wisely won’t divulge any preference for his next home, but considering the way he raves about the Cardinals’ organization and its fan base, and living a five-hour drive away in Nashville, it’s no secret that the Cardinals would have an advantage.

Sure, the Cardinals are leading the National League in ERA without him, but with Adam Wainwright on the DL and no real ace to carry them this postseason, they may realize just how badly they could use him in October.

Can you imagine a rotation of Price, Wainwright, Michael Wacha, Lance Lynn and Carlos Martinez in 2016?

Or if you’re the Cubs, how about Jake Arrieta, Jon Lester and Price sitting atop the rotation? Price can also expect significant interest from San Francisco and Boston, where the Giants and Red Sox look to re-tool in modest to significant fashions.

The greatest thing that happened to all of the free-agent suitors for Price is that he was not traded in July to the Dodgers. If he gone to Los Angeles, he might have easily fallen in love with the place, just as Zack Greinke has done, giving the Dodgers the upper hand.

Greinke will opt out of his contract after the season, but considering how much he enjoys everything but the traffic in Los Angeles, he’s expected to return, only with a fatter bank account.

If the Dodgers want to go for the kill, they could conceivably have Clayton Kershaw, Greinke and Price all in the same rotation, giving them the most powerful starting trio since the Hall of Fame triumvirate of Greg Maddux, Tom Glavine and John Smoltz in Atlanta.

If you already have a $307 million payroll, what’s another $30 million salary on the books?

Price, widely regarded as one of baseball’s ultimate teammates and role models, won’t bother thinking about free agency until November.

For now, he’s got a division, pennant and World Series to win, and if he keeps pitching like this, will have the world at his feet.

And the 2015 Cy Young award in his trophy case.

Price isn’t just out there pitching for stats or a paycheck, he’s helping carry the Blue Jays’ down the stretch, going 7-1 with a 2.17 ERA in nine starts since his arrival, all in meaningful and impactful games.

It’s this continuing dominance, and Keuchel’s horrid outing Wednesday night when he gave up nine earned runs and three homers in 4 2/3 innings, with his ERA soaring 15.3% from 2.22 to 2.56, that tips the scales to Price’s favor. Sure, it may be unfair, considering that Keuchel has been brilliant all year, leading the league with 17 victories (to Price’s 16) and innings (211.1 to Price’s 208.1), while pitching at least six innings in every start and yielding two or fewer runs in 18 starts.

Yet, this is September, in the middle of playoff races, when everything is magnified.

And please, no one else should be in the AL Cy Young conversation.

Sonny Gray (13-7, 2.56 ERA) of the Oakland A’s is having a splendid year, but not as strong as Price and Keuchel, who are pitching in pressure-packed games. Chris Archer (12-12, 2.69 ERA) of the Tampa Bay Rays, who has 241 strikeouts, is a top five Cy Young candidate, but also falls short.

Price is poised to join Kershaw, Greinke and Tim Lincecum as the only active pitchers with multiple Cy Young awards on their resumes.

He could potentially have a Cy Young award and World Series trophy in six weeks, and by the holidays, could be guaranteed at least $200 million, setting up future generations of his family.

Sometimes, nice guys really can finish first.

GALLERY: MLB postseason matchups, as they stand

Channel 5 websites use cookies. Find out about cookies here. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.

Skye Gould/Business Insider	See Also Tim Cook called the teenager who says an Apple Watch saved his life and offered him an internship at Apple All the evidence that Apple is working on a car Apple has four years to change our minds about electric cars So you've probably heard by now that Apple is working on an electric car, with a planned release of 2019. You may have also seen the head-scratching on the part of analysts and industry-watchers, wondering why Apple would get into the automotive market, where low margins and high levels of regulation could lead to a ton of headaches for a company that's happily printing money with the iPhone.  There's an easy possible answer here. Apple is building a car, sure. That much seems certain. But that doesn't mean it wants to get into the car business.  By developing a car design, and then selling it to car manufacturers, Apple could push its vision for the future of cars — while dodging much of the risk and costs associated with getting into the manufacturing business. In the manufacturing world, there's a concept called the "reference design." Basically, you come up with a prototype of something, and then you either sell or otherwise give away that design for others to make.  Google's cute little self-driving, steering-wheel-less cars, for example, are a reference design. Google has shown no interest in getting into the car manufacturing business, so it made a few prototypes in the hopes that an automaker will be willing to sink the capital to actually make the little buggers.  AP
The advantages here for Google would be twofold: First off, it means that it doesn't have to put in the considerable amounts of cash to get these built and on the road. Second off, it means that it's up to whatever brave manufacturer takes on the challenge to deal with regulatory and legal compliance matters.  And, as a nice added benefit, it means that if, say, three companies decide to license the driverless car design from Google, it wins three times over, without any skin in the game itself. Moreover, any accidents or safety issues would be unlikely to wind up at Google's doorstep.  Apple can play the same game. Before the Steve Jobs era at Apple, the computer company loved the concept of reference designs, even when it didn't always work out. Flickr/nicoleleeMotorola ROKR, the first phone to support iTunes Music Store content.
The Apple Pippin, for example, was supposed to be a reference design for a games console running on the Macintosh platform. Ultimately, only Bandai and a smaller company called Katz Media took Apple's idea and run with it. It was too much like a PC, and failed to catch on. Then there's the Apple Newton, a reference design for what you'd now call a personal digital assistant. These ill-fated hand-held computers could do little more than organize your contacts, read text email, and play some basic games. Still, Sharp, Motorola, and Apple itself all made devices based on the Newton design.  Or how about Motorola's 2005 phone, the ROKR? It licensed the iTunes technology from Apple, becoming the first-ever phone that could play music from the iTunes Music Store.  The point here is that Apple is no stranger to licensing out its technology, even if it doesn't always seem like it. Matthew DeBord/Business InsiderBMW i3
And by giving out a design for an electric car right now, it means that car manufacturers are going to be building connected vehicles that are all but guaranteed to match Apple's design sense, while also supporting the CarPlay protocol for integrating an iPhone with the onboard systems.  Better yet, Apple dodges all of those manufacturing costs, sticky regulatory issues, and investor uncertainty. Word is that Apple's already talked to BMW about using the i3 as a baseline for a car.  Think of it as a preemptive strike: Right now, not every car supports Apple CarPlay. But in 2019, when we see the Apple Car, it could actually be a line of different models of Apple Car, from different manufacturers, all of them with "Powered by Apple" branding. They could all offer a sleek look, an efficient electric engine, and, crucially, support for all of Apple's other technology, too.  It would be a feat that would be hard for Google to top, with its experimental driverless cars.   SEE ALSO: The Apple Car is coming in 2019 NOW WATCH: APPLE BREACH: Apps infected with malicious code found in the App Store

Britons unfairly charged IHT between 2011 and 2014 Specialist firm says thousands are due compensation But it claims making a case is 'fiendishly complicated' without help  
Up to 30,000 Britons with holiday homes in Spain could still be due compensation from its government after they were hit with 'unfair' inheritance tax charges. 

The punitive tax charge was made between 2011 and 2014 on non-residents – which in Spanish law is those who live there for less than half the year – who inherited a home. This included husbands and wives whose spouses died.  

The redress is expected to run into millions of euros for those hit. According to estimates by specialist solicitors Spanish Legal Reclaims after analysing government data, around 30,000 paid tax in the three-year period. 
   
Unfair tax: Those who faced an IHT bill on their Spanish holiday home during 2011-14 are entitled to compensation. Pictured, Andalucia in southern Spain 

The tax charge was in many cases up to a third of the property's value and it varied between regions. 

It can only be reclaimed by EU citizens after the Spanish government hastily changed its IHT law after the European Court of Justice ruled the legislation - which exempted residents from the charge - was discriminatory. 

The ruling was made last September but it is believed thousands still haven't got the ball rolling with compensation - despite there being a five year limit to put a claim in.  
 
Claims typically take between six to eight months to process once they've been filed and the first glut of compensation is now being paid out. 

Under the law, between 2011 and 2014 Spanish residents were exempt from up to 99 per cent of the tax charge depending on region, while homeowners with a property there had to pay the full amount within six months of inheriting. 

With more Britons owning holiday homes in the sun in Spain than any other nationality, UK citizens were disproportionately affected. 

They include Joan Ridsdale, a 62-year-old payroll administrator from County Durham who was hit with a €16,000 tax bill when her husband Gordon died. The couple owned a two-bedroom bungalow in the coastal resort of Almeria. 

Mrs Ridsdale was forced to cash in her life savings to pay the charge and has since sold the property. 

The Spanish authorities are now being forced to repay the inheritance tax paid by non-residents like Mrs Ridsdale. 

She was one of the first to receive compensation from the Government earlier in the year. 

The average repayment is €25,000, according to Spanish Legal Reclaims, a Barcelona-based law firm which specialises in helping non-residents to reclaim overpaid tax. 
   
EU ruling: Last year, EU said the Spanish Government had acted unfairly - and people can claim redress 

Luis Cuervo, chief executive of Spanish Legal Reclaims, said: 'Losing a loved one is hard enough, but to then receive an unfair tax bill rubs salt in the wound. Yet for years this is what happened to thousands of Britons inheriting holiday homes in Spain. 

'Spain's authorities have agreed that non-residents who inherited a Spanish property during the past four-and-a-half years can claim back the tax they paid – but doing so is a complex and daunting task, as there is no single form to fill in. 

'Inheritors can only claim once, so it's essential they seek expert legal advice to ensure they get it right first time. 

'Spanish Legal Reclaims is representing 1,000 families from across the EU who find themselves in this position, and since the ECJ's landmark ruling our firm has had a 100 per cent success rate, securing a full refund of tax in every case.' 

Britons account for a substantial part of the law firm's business, it says.  

The largest refund it secured for a British client was €94,000, the smallest €4,400. 

However, it takes a large 35 per cent chunk of any compensation on a 'no win, no fee' basis. 

Mrs Ridsdale used the firm to handle her case – it secured a full refund of her €16,000 tax bill, plus €700 in back interest from the Spanish taxman.  

But, with the fees, she was left with just under €11,000. 

The firm says it is possible for British holiday homeowners to reclaim the tax themselves, but it is 'fiendishly difficult'. 

They need to work out whether they can claim and then the process involves filling in multiple forms and making your case in court, which is all in Spanish.  

Homeowners only get one attempt to lodge a compensation bid. 

 

US spy chiefs can be blocked from accessing online data of European citizens, a court has ruled. 
 
In what is being billed as a landmark decision, the European Court of Justice (ECJ) issued its opinion after Austrian campaigner Max Schrems challenged Facebook over the transfer of his personal information to American intelligence agencies. 
 
The Luxembourg court found the Safe Harbor agreement between the US and Europe, which gives spies access to huge banks of data , does not stop watchdogs from investigating complaints or bar them from  suspending the transfers. 
 
The arrangement allows the National Security Agency (NSA) to use the Prism surveillance system exposed by whistleblower Edward Snowden to wade through billions of bits of personal data, communication and information held by nine internet giants . 
 
Mr Schrems said the ruling could have  major implications for EU-US data flows and US internet companies operating in Europe. 
 
"After an initial review of the advocate general's opinion of more than 40 pages it seems like years of work could pay off. Now we just have to hope that the judges of the Court of Justice will follow the advocate general's opinion in principle," he said. 
 
In his opinion, which the ECJ said is not binding, Advocate General Yves Bot found that data transfers are an important and necessary element of the transatlantic relationship between the US and Europe. 
   Promoted stories   
But he warned that the European rules which govern it are invalid. 
 
In one of the most damning findings, the ECJ said the access US spies have to European data interferes with the right to respect  for private life and protection of personal data. 
 
It said internet users in Europe have no effective judicial protection while the large scale data transfers are happening. 
 
The ECJ branded the US spying as "mass, indiscriminate surveillance". 
 
Mr Schrems said that while his case was specific to Facebook it  may also apply to other tech giants like Apple, Google, Yahoo and Microsoft. 
 
In the 44-page opinion Mr Bot found: "The access of the United States intelligence services to the data transferred covers, in a comprehensive manner, all persons using electronic communications services, without any requirement that the persons concerned represent a threat to national security. 
 
"Such mass, indiscriminate surveillance is inherently disproportionate and constitutes an unwarranted interference with the rights guaranteed by Articles 7 and 8 of the Charter (of Fundamental Rights of the European Union)." 
 
The final ruling by the ECJ's 15 judges is expected later this year and while Mr Bot's opinion is not binding the court's final decision normally follows his initial assessment. 
 
Mr Schrems, a Facebook user since 2008, first took his opposition to the Safe Harbor arrangement to the Data Protection Commissioner (DPC) in Ireland - famously based in the unlikely setting of offices above a corner shop in the town of Portarlington. 
 
Everyone on the social network in the EU signs a contract with Facebook Ireland, audited by the DPC, and under the US-EU data transfer all their details can be accessed by the NSA. 
 
Mr Schrems's challenge to seek an investigation into what data of his was sent to US spies will come back to the High Court in Dublin after the ECJ issues its final ruling. 
 
His action was sparked by the Snowden revelations. 
 
The former NSA contractor triggered a wave of controversy when he leaked tens of thousands of documents about surveillance programmes run by the US intelligence services and foreign counterparts, including Britain's GCHQ, in 2013. 
   
 Share article  
   
He fled to Hong Kong where he met journalists to co-ordinate a series of articles that exposed mass surveillance programmes such as the NSA's Prism and GCHQ's Tempora, which involve "hoovering up" vast volumes of private communications. 
 
Once Snowden's identity was revealed, he fled to Russia, and he remains wanted by the US authorities.

IT had been the beating heart of Nelson Bay for more than 50 years, a place some gathered for a hit and others flocked to for after-dark shenanigans. IT had been the beating heart of Nelson Bay for more than 50 years, a place some gathered for a hit and others flocked to for after-dark shenanigans. And even as the smoke continued to billow out of Nelson Bay Golf Club on Sunday, its current custodians vowed to return bigger and better.

‘‘This is more than a golf club, it is a huge part of the community,’’ president Max Pride said.

‘‘It is the hub of a lot of people’s lives. It is devastating but we will get through it.’’

An early morning fire, believed to have started in the roof cavity, quickly spread to destroy the majority of the club. A huge verandah and the club’s pro-shop underneath may remain standing, but most of the building will need to be levelled and rebuilt.

The club’s 35 employees, as well as possibly a couple of dozen who work in the restaurant Blue Water Grill, are now without work.

Restaurant proprietor Will Semmens said the place was booked out for Father’s Day lunches and dinners.

Wedding receptions, sporting club presentation nights and other functions have also been affected.

The golf course was not damaged, and Mr Pride said it may reopen within days once a portable clubhouse is organised.

‘‘There is no impact on the golf course itself except for the fact that we can’t process green fees and the like,’’ he said.

The club was originally built in 1963, with multiple additions as the Tomaree peninsula grew and took the club with it.

It has about 3500 current members, including about 1500 playing members.

Social media was inundated with messages of sympathy.

Fire crews were first called about 12.30am but it was too late to save the club.

Firefighters were forced to withdraw from inside the club as the flames shot through the roof cavity, collapsing large sections onto what was once the club’s bar, auditorium, office and poker machine areas.

Crews remained at the scene for most of Sunday to help extinguish spot fires which flared up.

Some golfers who turned up for a spring round had been unaware of the fire and were turned away.

Fire investigators were looking into the source of the blaze, although early indications were that it began in the roof and quickly spread. The story first appeared on Newcastle Herald.

YBK: Learning about HEADLINES (Headlines-Win ) and wrote in answers on the worksheet. Worked on pages and took pictures.

AP Research: We reviewed VOC 3 words for quiz on Thursday. We're reviewing COLLEGE APPLICATION ESSAYS / SCHOLARSHIP essay (500 word essay due on Monday). HOMEWORK: Quiz 3 vocab on Thursday. Continue researching.

Brit Lit: Tuesday--reviewed Vocab 3 in class; Wednesday -- took Vocab 3 quiz; discussed King Arthur (watched 2 minute clip from Sword in the Stone [embed]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2wUJUCSM-s[/embed] & clip from Monty Python's search for the Holy Grail [embed]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxGqcCeV3qk[/embed]

FRESH OFF THE EASEL...
24"x18" Oil on Canvas/Available
Click  HERE for purchase info.
To view more of my work, visit http://www.annieobriengonzales.com
Click HERE for Annie O'Brien Gonzales Workshop Dates!!

Everyone expected Serena Williams to win this year’s US Open. She didn’t. She lost to Roberta Vinci in the semi-finals[1], and missed the chance to become only the fourth woman in history to complete a calendar slam. And now her coach has said the world No 1 may not play again this year, so disappointed is she with her loss at Flushing Meadows. Related: Serena Williams’s grand slam dream ended by Roberta Vinci’s shock win[2] Patrick Mouratoglou, who has coached Williams since 2012, questioned... 
 Read the full article

